we understand that most people who reply immediately to an op with an invitation to talk privately  mean only to help, but this type of response usually leads to either disappointment or disaster.
it usually works out quite differently here than when you say "pm me anytime" in a casual social context.
we have huge admiration and appreciation for the goodwill and good citizenship of so many of you who support others here and flag inappropriate content - even more so because we know that so many of you are struggling yourselves.
we're hard at work behind the scenes on more information and resources to make it easier to give and get quality help here - this is just a small start.
our new wiki page explains in detail why it's much better to respond in public comments, at least until you've gotten to know someone.
it will be maintained at /r/depression/wiki/private_contact, and the full text of the current version is below.
###summary###anyone who, while acting as a helper, invites or accepts private contact (i.e.
pms, chat, or any kind of offsite communication) early in the conversion is showing either bad intentions or bad judgement.
either way, it's unwise to trust them.
 "pm me anytime" seems like a kind and generous offer.
and it might be perfectly well-meaning, but, unless and until a solid rapport has been established, it's just not a wise idea.
here are some points to consider before you offer or accept an invitation to communicate privately.
 by posting supportive replies publicly, you'll help more people than just the op.
if your responses are of good quality, you'll educate and inspire other helpers.
 [the 1-9-90 rule]( applies here as much as it does anywhere else on the internet.
 people who are struggling with serious mental-health issues often (justifiably) have a low tolerance for disappointment and a high-level of ever-changing emotional need.
unless the helper is able to make a 100% commitment to be there for them in every way, for as long as necessary, offering a personal inbox as a resource is likely to do more harm than good.
 this is why mental-health crisis-line responders usually don't give their names and callers aren't allowed to request specific responders.
it's much healthier and safer for the callers to develop a relationship with the agency as a whole.
analogously, it's much safer and healthier for our ops to develop a relationship with the community as a whole.
even trained responders are generally not allowed to work high-intensity situations alone.
it's partly about availability, but it's mostly about wider perspective and preventing compassion fatigue.
 if a helper gets in over their head with someone whose mental-health issues (including suicidality, which is often comorbid with depression) escalate, in a pm conversation it's much harder for others, including the /r/depression and /r/suicidewatch moderators to help.
(contrary to common assumptions, moderators can't see or police pms.)
 in our observation over many years, the people who say "pm me" the most are consistently the ones with the least understanding of mental-health issues and mental-health support.
we all have gaps in our knowledge and in our ability to communicate effectively.
community input mitigates these limitations.
there's no reason why someone who's truly here to help would want to hide their responses from community scrutiny.
if helpers are concerned about their own privacy, keep in mind that self-disclosure, when used supportively, is more about the feelings than the details, and that we have no problem here with the use of alt/throwaway accounts, and have no restrictions on account age or karma.
  we all know the internet is used by some people to exploit or abuse others.
these people do want to hide their deceptive and manipulative responses from everyone except their victims.
there are many of them who specifically target those who are vulnerable because of mental-health issues.
if a helper invites an op to talk privately and gives them a good, supportive experience, they've primed that person to be more vulnerable to abusers.
 this sort of cognitive priming tends to be particularly effective when someone's in a state of mental-health crisis, when people rely more on heuristics than critical reasoning.
 if ops want to talk privately, posting on a wide-open anonymous forum like reddit might not be the best option.
although we don't recommend it, we do allow ops to request private contact when asking for support.
if you want to do this, please keep your expectations realistic, and to have a careful look at the history of anyone who offers to pm before opening up to them.
welcome to /r/depression's check-in post - a place to take a moment and share what is going on and how you are doing.
if you have an accomplishment you want to talk about (these shouldn't be standalone posts in the sub as they violate the "role model" rule, but are welcome here), or are having a tough time but prefer not to make your own post, this is a place you can share.
we try our best to keep this space as safe and supportive as possible on reddit's wide-open anonymity-friendly platform.
the community rules can be found in the sidebar, or under "community info" in the official mobile apps.
if you aren't sure about a rule, please ask us.
please keep in mind that no activism, i.e.
advocating or fundraising for social change or raising awareness of social issues, is ever allowed here.
  it's not that we're against activism.
we're strongly in favour of it.
but we've learned the hard way that it doesn't work within a dedicated support space, so with regret, we can't allow it any more.
thanks for understanding.
please report any fundraising, awareness raising, petitions, calls for participation, or any post that's mainly about a cause or an issue rather than a request for personal support.
despite the fact that we always maintain a sticky post about it, we're still seeing a lot of violations of the private contact policy.
please read /r/depression/wiki/private_contact and report any violations that you see.
  widespread disregard of this important rule causes trouble for both helpers and vulnerable ops, wastes our time, and delays the improvements we're making to the community resources.
the first 6 words of the title is accurate too.
those who step on others and act with selfishness win.
myself and many others were raised to believe that being a good human being will reward you in kind, but that is simply false.
people are programmed this way in order for society to have an ample pool obedient lapdogs to be exploited so that the world can move forward without too much chaos.
guess who ultimately wins though?
those who exploit those obedient people.
every week i see a thread on people's bullies thriving in life, while those affected continue to suffer.
people with very selfish and abusive traits gain so much more in their lives.
it sounds silly, but it's true.
people latch on those types for security, excitement, and other animalistic gains.
morals don't mean as much as we were led to believe.
it's about survival and progress in the end.
everything else is just theatrics and virtue signaling.
i wish i wasn't led to believe in the idea of being a good person.
you can say, speak, and write whatever you'd like to convince me otherwise, but from actual life experience, what people say and what people do are often two contradictory things.
people reward evil behavior.
people willingly accept these types of people into their lives.
how they act and who they actually associate with tells me that being a kind person is weak and although people won't openly say it, they have no issue with weak people self-terminating.
we are just animals in the end and our actions, not words, tell all.
like i get it… what am i supposed to say, after work i’m going home to lie in bed for the night because i feel like shit and every day it’s the same because i feel like shit and this is all just an act while i hate this job with a passion now and hate life and hate myself and want to die?
because that’s the truth.
i can’t do this anymore.
i still think about it like it was yesterday.
we met online, got attached to each other instantly and set goals to meet in future.
i just knew the time i met her she was the one and i just didn't want anything else.
our relationship was pure platonic, she was beautiful, kind, and caring.
unfortunately, she had some mental illness; depression, some personality disorder types.
i didn't mind that at all, and was convinced more to be with her and help her get thro it all.
we used to call whenever she was feeling down, she used to vent and take things off her chest.
later on, she got worse, honestly i don't why or what happened exactly.
maybe there's just no reason, and depression can be difficult and complicated to understand.
her anti depressants seemed to not work anymore, she didn't answer my texts, calls, or anything.
i was so scared of losing her, so there was this one time we got into a small argument.
i did understand her situation, but i just couldn't live everyday having her reply only once every like 12 hours.
this isn't about being a simp, i was worried about her because she had no friends irl, and her family isn't really the typical type of a family where she can vent and talk.
the situation got worse and worse until one time she disappeared for like 3 days.
her sister texted me that she was in hospital, she was in a bad shape due to her illness.
a few days later, she texted me and we talked, i tried my best making her laugh, doing stuff she likes or enjoy, we tried watching a movie, called her, etc.. i wanted her to know that i'm always there for her.
i guess there was no use at all of my actions.
she was far gone to reach.
she disappeared again for almost a week, in which her sister texts me later telling me that she committed suicide.
she told me that they wanna move on, but just wanted to tell me because i had the right to know.
since then, i've been blaming myself that i wasn't there for her, couldn't help her, the few arguments we had..i just always think that they might had bad influence on her.
i really think this is my fault, and i don't think i'll ever forgive myself for that.
since then i've been depressed, i can't really remember when was the last time i was happy or enjoyed something.
i just don't know what to do anymore.
i just wanted to take this all off my chest...baby, i miss you so much and i still think about you everyday.
until we meet again.
-h
tonight's been horrible.
today's been horrible.
i feel horrible.
head's boiling.
soul's screaming.
need to get it out.
need to get it out.
true off my chest subreddit.
go there.
make a rant.
uh oh.
too selfish sounding.
now i'm under the gaze of hundreds of watching eyes  the whole world revolves around me, i guess.
nobody'll care about my stress in a work place, i guess.
not putting in enough effort, i guess.
remind me not to go there again, not that i don't understand them.
they don't know me, i don't know them.
but after the adrenaline of being ripped out of your comfort zone wore off,  i wasn't happy.
or thankful.
i just felt really hurt.
i'm really scared now.
they might follow me here.
you might all hate me.
do i not put enough effort in?
do i not?
i've struggled mercilessly for six years.
i've grazed my skin with a kitchen knife, too fearful to cut deep enough.
i'm going to bed and getting some rest.
just the few words from those people, who probably meant well in a roughly honest way, sent me spiralling into an even darker pit.
maybe i'll wake up feeling better.
maybe i won't wake up at all.
both options seem good to me, and it just feels like im attention grabbing now.
it feels like it's all my fault.
i think it is for coming here in the first place.
i don't know what i deserve anymore.
officially 1 year ago i tried overdosing on 46x 36mg pills of concerta.
ended up making it 12 hours then was rushed to the hospital, stabilized after 2 days and spent the next week in a psyche ward.
i don’t really have anyone i can share this with but idk, i made it a year.
mental health is kinda improving.
i guess i kinda did it.
my youth was stolen from me.
i started going bald at 17, just minor recession and some thinning.
a few months after i turned 18 my hair started falling out by the hundreds every day.
this caused me to start wearing hats all the time and stop connecting with old friends and going places .
now, at 20, my hair is shit.
i tried buzzing it to see how i look bald, but that looks so laughably awful that i would rather wear a wig.
the only reason i haven’t offed myself yet is because of my family.
they support me and love me even when i’m going through this and i can’t betray their expectations by taking the easy way out.
i used to be a bright, social, energetic guy, but that’s long dead and gone.
i rarely leave my house, and when i do i wear a hat to cover my baldness.
i hate the way i look bald.
i hate how it’s ok for people to make fun of balding/bald guys.
i hate how people just say “shave it and get jacked bro”.
i’m just so tired of all of this.
i just want my life back.
hello everybody.
i hope your all having a good night.
i don’t want to be dramatic but there’s a good chance i’m gonna end it like 30-50%.
any reasons not to?
i hope you all have a good night.
i feel like my depression took my entire teen years from me.
i spent all my free time in high school crying and self harming at home while everyone else had friends and hobbies and went to parties.
then i did the same thing in college.
i didn’t even move out from my parents house because i was too anxious to stay in a dorm.
my ex used to tell me about how much fun they had in high school and how they were in a bunch of clubs and how they had the most fun in college staying in dorms with all their friends and doing fun, dumb stuff.
it always destroys me to think about how i missed out on all of that because of something i couldn’t control.
now i’m 21 and just graduated college and i’m lost.
i have no friends, no partner, no job, me and my family are on rough terms and i just got diagnosed with anorexia.
it is just crushing me and idk what to do anymore.
and i’m afraid to tell anyone because i don’t want to be sent back to a psych ward since i have no money to pay for it again.
i’m just so broken right now.
can anyone relate to this crippling regret of missing out on what were supposed to be the best years of your life?
anyone ever get the urge to just delete all of your social media accounts, change your phone number, and move across the country?
i've been thinking about this a lot.
i don't feel particularly attached to any of my friends.
i'm certain this is my depression talking and not reality but that knowledge doesn't change my perception.
i feel like nobody loves me and nobody cares about me.
i feel like i'm a failure and i feel like i'm a disappointment and i feel like i'm a burden.
i, logically, shouldn't be feeling this way.
i'm graduating college this week and i could not care less about it.
i was literally more excited for falcon and the winter soldier to come out.
i just wish i could disappear without a trace and never speak to anyone that i know in my life now.
i just want to start over and live my life with no expectations.
i make plans and i want to follow the plans to be a better person and to live with purposes but the depression just makes it really hard for me to focus and to be motivated.
i'm ready to give up any moment.
so yeah, that's it.
sigh hahhaa i wish i could continue on living but i'm just tired.
i'm tired of feeling everything at once.
the shame, the guilt, the loneliness and despair.
love y'all, if you guys can keep on fighting i wish you guys the best in your journey of recovering.
ever since i (14f) came forward about my sexual assault it seems like everything is worse.
now it's all i can think about.
it's hard for me to look anyone in their face whenever i'm talking with them, i just stare at the ground all the time.
i feel really distant and my mind just keeps going a mile a minute no matter what i do.
i feel rather hollow.
it's like i'm gonna turn any corner and just see bas.
i wish i had never said anything.
every part of me is just screaming "cut yourself.
cut yourself."
i'm a week sober.
i just want everything to go back to normal.
i want to be able to just focus on school and getting my grades up but i can't.
i sit in class and try and focus but my brain just always drifts away to the memories of them.
i have no outlet.
i dont know what to do.
i want it to stop but i can't make it.
it's always there, just going and going.
i'm getting tired of it.
i'm feeling crazy.
i dont feel like being around anyone or talking much at all.
it takes me a while to respond when people say anything to me, i dont know why.
i dont like to be rude but i just cant help it.
i can't make myself go any faster.
i feel broken.
it hurts.
i wish they had to feel this too but i doubt they ever even think about what they did to me.
i feel close to the edge.
part of me wants to go back to the mental hospital before i do something bad but i dont want to.
i just want to be able to handle it myself and keep up with my normal life.
it's the main thing on my mind, seems like the most important thing but i dont know if it is.
school might be it.
relationships.
i dont know.
i feel so lost and hopeless.
i dont want to do anything drastic.
i dont need anymore suicide attempts.. i dont know.
any advice would be appreciated.
thanks for reading this far and i hope you have a nice rest of your day/night
almost 30. live with mother.
father abandoned me.
asked to leave college over suicidal ideation.
kept my very sick cat alive when i should have let him go.
no job.
can’t remember to take psych meds.
sleep a lot.
can’t keep a schedule.
i am a shitty person.
i could add more i’m sure but want to go to sleep.
at least when i’m asleep i can’t do anything stupid.
so let me start this by saying, i’ve worked all the way through the pandemic and actually i’m quite good at my job.
it’s not fancy but i like it and it pays bills.
today i get an email from my manager to call him.
in a 10 minute conversation he tells me that my role is being redundant as i am no longer required to work from home.
he gave me my notice and that was it.
all i’ve worked for over the last year and a half just -poof- gone.
i am currently so down.
i know i’ll find another job but this is what i put my heart and soul in and it’s just ... gone.
i guess somethings don’t change and i’ll always be a failure.
and now because of circumstances that were completely out of our control we’re just expected to function and be smart and productive and successful?
everything is so hard.
all i really want to do is die.
literally the only reason i get out of bed in the morning is to take my dog out cause i don’t want him to suffer cause of my illness.
if it wasn’t for him i would literally just sleep all day, or i’d have killed myself by now.
it’s bullshit that i have to hurt myself to end an existence that i never fucking asked for in the first place
i overate again.
i can feel my heart pounding through my chest and i get more worried every day that i'm going to have a heart attack.
i'm 5'9" 300 lbs, and i hate the way i look.
i hate the way i feel, i hate the way i am, and i want help.
at least, i tell myself that.
i just want the pain to be over, the answer to why i make all these horrible decisions for myself instead of being able to say the right things, stick up for myself, not feel so lonely, and do the things i need to do to make myself feel better.
it just feels like i was dealt a shitty hand and i have no way of getting back on track.
i've tried working with psychologists, social workers, psychiatrists with and without medicine, and i can't seem to get any better, only worse, and angrier.
the medicine worked for a little while but my med provider cut me off for 6 months and i ended up being off of it for the whole time.
the next time i took it, all i was feeling was a violent anger, and i knew that wasn't who i was.
i just wish it were easy.
but it's so hard to do and i don't know if i have the strength to keep fighting, it's so hard to go to bed, wake up, face the day, and have to deal with an endless torrent of shit that life throws at me while i try not to show that i'm so weak, and tired, and so, so done.
it doesn't help that my only coworker, my trainer, treats me like a child.
he constantly touches me, invades my personal space, and constantly bullies me for the smallest things, going on for hours at a time about how i fuck everything up, how i need to be more like him, how everyone shit-talks about me behind my back, how the managers all want me fired but he's the one sticking his neck out for me, but then constantly nitpicks and yells at me.
and the worst part is, he won't even do half the shit he tells me to do, i might as well have taken up half his workload.
it's just so awful, especially considering my family won't let me leave this job.
"your cousin got you this job, are you really gonna let him down like that?"
"listen there's always gonna be a [name of trainer] wherever you go, you just gotta suck it up""you need this job, if you quit it now, you can kiss your warm bed goodbye."
and my favorite, from my dad:"you might as well just give up on everything then, because you obviously can't handle being an adult.
can't wait to introduce everyone to my lazy slob son!"
like i already don't think about just giving up and never leaving my bed every day of my life.
i just, why was i born as me, why couldn't i have been anyone else?
and why is it that i feel like the answer and the solution is right in front of me but i just can't be bothered to reach out and grab it.
i'll be 35 this year and i'm realizing i've never been asked to be in a wedding.
i know, sounds stupid but hear me out.
that same revolution lead me to remember that i haven't spoken to any adult other than my so in weeks... months...i recently left my emotionally abusive job that paid very well so i could work from home and spend more time my kids.
at first i was so happy!
no more driving 1.5hrs one way to work.
i took a pay cut (about a 3rd of what i was making) so i could get out of there.
working from home has brought forth all kinds of realizations.
if i'm not in the office with people who are forced to interact with me, no one really does.
no texts, calls, tags on social.... i spend my day cold calling people i don't know, only to go sit on my couch and mindlessly watch tv.
at the same time, my family heads off to do their own thing, not even noticing me feeling sad and broken (thankful they don't).
i just want a friend.
someone to talk about stupid stuff.
giggle over nothing.
not feel alone all the time.
hello people of this reddit👋👋 im not gonna post about my depression or anxiety right now but i wanted to post about you guys.
i hope you have a great day and life from now on.
remember that the past is the past so dont beat yourself up for it.
,,yesterday is history tommorow is mystery but today is a gift, that is why they call it present".
take that into heart and think happy thoughts i love everyone of you ❤
i'm 21f and i hate life.
im stuck, can't find a job despite my best efforts, and ive never been in love, in a relationship or even on a fucking date.
ive been asked out once and it was a goddamn april fools joke.
because that's all im worth to people.
ive lost 50 lbs and yet i'm still called a fat cow by parents and told "no one wants a fat girl, lose more weight so guys want you!".
yes im independent and thats good but god itd be nice to be someone's choice for once.
am i broken?
is that why no one chooses me?
they think they're so smart, but i can see right through them.
i know you stopped talking so i'd feel uncomfortable, and start spilling my guts to try to fill the silence.
i told you i didn't want to answer that question and your immediate reaction is to try and manipulate me?
unfortunately for you, i'm stronger than you are.
i can and will hold silent eye contact for 10+ minutes if that's what it takes to make you understand that i won't let you manipulate me.
when i try to play along, with their stupid games, over the months i just get worse and worse.
therapy just doesn't work for me, but everyone keeps trying to shove it down my throat, because they can't come to terms with the idea that i can't ever be happy.
i've accepted it.
now it's your turn.
me, my uncle and my grandma live at the same house together, and she and my grandpa has been taken care of me for ever since i was born from my mother that had a mental disorder making bad decisions still does since her friends come first then her own son, my dad was a drug addict, my uncle and i are born 5 years apart, now she’s very weak now, my grandpa died of lymphoma (65) and he loved us and a he was a caretaker to her, i miss him so much, no one else will never take care of her but i always take care of her, her family doesn’t care about her and always starts drama with her, i don’t have any friends or family because most of them cause drama against her, lost one her sons now (41) because her instigator mother lied about her being a bad person and he never talked to her again since 1998, her sister and her friend stole from us, her other sister framed her on something her mother did, one time i saw her crying because of my uncle (25) treating her, look my uncle is arrogant and disgusting, i hate him so much he never clean his room, he makes a mess around the toilet seat and never wash his hands, he never does the lawn, take out the trash, etc, i clean after him and worst my grandma has to suffer to clean after him and she’s suffering from end stage kidney failure, the only thing he ever does is working at taco bell and hangs out with his girlfriend, one night grandma and my uncle had an argument about him cleaning his room i get very anxious if i ever stand up to him if i did my uncle will called child services on me and since my grandma put guardianship on me to him unfortunately, if grandma gets mad at him he’ll try to put her in a retirement home but never does just says it think god, he only cares about his girlfriend more then us, he never payed rant, he lied and always be the “gonna kid” whenever he says he’s gonna pay you back, oh, he never does it, i have autism, with so many disorders, ocd, anxiety, adhd, mostly now depression, i tried to tell grandma but she thinks i’m making it up, i got tested in the pass when i was 12 with no disorders but just autism, now i’m almost 21 i just feel it, i never had a phone to talk to anyone since my grandma acts like a helicopter parent, i want to become independent so i can help her, we can’t take this no more, the way we get treated by my uncle or other family members for standing up for myself or for grandma but she says i make it worse, i don’t wanna watch her put all her stress to herself, i think to myself why “no one cares for us”, i don’t want to kill myself even due on so much stress i been put my life it’s been worse since after my grandpa died!
i need some help and advice please...
i feel like i’m never good enough at anything.
i always compare myself to others.
i hate knowing that no matter how hard i work their will always be someone better then me.
i always think my girlfriend is going to leave me the second something better comes.
i feel pressured to always be amazing.
anytime i think of my girlfriends exes i always panic.
being not good enough is the main thing driving me towards wanting to disappear.
how can i reassure myself that i am good enough ?
this is my story fighting depression and the lie of happiness.
excluding therapy most of the advice, self help books, seminars, etc.
all have a myriad of points but most boil down to a couple that they all share: eat healthy - watch your diet, don't eat junk food and generally just have what's considered a "healthy" diet exercise - including the added bonus of release of hormones and chemicals after an exercise session having a decent looking body is supposed to elevate your confidence and self-esteem meditate - helps to clear your mind and sort out your inner world journaling - write down what you are grateful for and both your negative and positive experiences so years down the line you can chuckle at your old self go outside - going outside boosts your immunity, helps confidence, etc.
 connect with people - be it family or friends always try to envelope yourself with people positive mindset - instead of thinking "wow this sucks" think "wow, i got so far" rid yourself of vices and addictions - quit drugs, cigarettes and alcohol and any harmful substance or thing you might be doingnow dear reader let me tell you my story, i was a scrawny kid who was bullied so i put on a little over 40 lbs and worked out like crazy, now i look like a normal adult male, i also eat really well because i cook for myself and don't indulge in junk food and let me tell you it doesnt bloody matter at all.
i am eating the healthiest diet, the most optimal diet for cutting and bulking and maintaining occasionally cheating but its not worth crap.
"exercise helps" bullshit, nothing has changed in the last 2 years except the copious amounts of money i spent on supplements and food, but hey at least instead of spending that on cigarettes and alcohol and drugs i spent it on something else.
literally no one cares, and i still hate myself.
i hate how i look, i hate how much money i spent, i hate when i cheat, i hate my mindset, i even stopped hating myself and nothing has changed!
journaling and meditation my ass, meditating 30 mins and wailing in my own misery on the bathroom floor had the exact same effects, there's no magic transcendence, it's all the same, it's a big hoax to make yourself look fancy.
journaling, now that was interesting, writing down what i was grateful for, i literally had to concentrate until i had headaches just to write 2-3 things that are positive, fear not i also had a journal for every time i experienced a depressive episode or such, and i can tell you that in 2 years time the "grateful journal" has a little over 900 words, a lot of repetition and the "negative journal" has over 15,000 words.
yay!
going outside and connecting with people especially during the covid-19 pandemic is a joke, not that it wasn't before.
moreover, going outside in a post-soviet country?
good luck finding beauty between grey and beige concrete cube apartment buildings, junkies, thugs and other poor misery.
want to escape into nature?
no can do, its a couple of 100s of km away from me and i don't have a car.
i don't have friends and the couple of people that tolerate me cannot relate at all, they just liked me because of my drunken stupors and intellectual debates because i read a lot and sometimes find what i have to say interesting (although, they never actually want to pursue a genuine discussion which further reinforces my loneliness).
also doesn't help that me being autistic people tend to avoid me because they think i am weird and it is getting increasingly difficult to meet people or even have a normal conversation.
i really don't want to spend time with family is they are narcissistic and emotionally abused me (i recommend r/raisedbynarcissists if you want to know what it's like), doesn't help that i am autistic but in my family mental illness doesn't exist, ergo neither does support.
finally, the positive mindset is a joke, i am at my wits end, there is nothing positive i can think of in my situation, over 250 job applications and still no job (before covid) what should i think "i'll get it next time"?
suffering emotional abuse "at least i'm not physically abused"?
i am attending university and finishing it and getting a diploma from something i don't even know or like, "at least you have a diploma?
there's other who also don't know what to do?"
i tried, i genuinely did.
i even visited a psych ward asking what to do and they turned me away saying "you aren't diagnosed so we can not take you" (like almost jumping from the roof or shooting my self in the head isn’t an adequate sign) and some form of "if you can't pay then you can't stay".
therapists just take your money, don't diagnose crap and gave the same exact advise i put here "you have to work on yourself and it will be better".
honestly, i don't know where i am going with this post, i think i just needed to open up after keeping it in for the last couple of years.
so here i am, eating healthy, working out, reading and writing, finishing university in a couple of weeks, no gf, no friends, no job, no money, living with my parents and still as miserable as before i started.
but hey, at least i don't do drugs, drink and smoke.
edit: typo
i’ve been diagnosed with treatment resistant depression.
i’ve taken dna tests, taken more medications than i can remember and tried just about everything.
my doctor suggested maybe trying ketamine treatments.
there’s no way i could currently afford that.
i try not to burden anyone too much with what’s going on so i guess i just came here to be able to rant a little bit.
i’m just worried i’m out of options and will end up doing something that will devastate a lot of people i love and care about.
thanks for letting me put my thoughts into words.
when you have fought your demons for 20 years and realise you have fought a battle inside yourself for more than half your life and you want to celebrate have someone be proud.
only to realise that the people around dont understand what an accomplishment it is.
when you have watched others fall and loose to the demons inside.
you feellucky you survived.
celebrate small victories be proud of how far you have come even if it is only a step.
a step is still a victory.
never give up never stop fighting hever be afraid to celebrate small victories.
be proud, scared,happy,sad,atpeace, however you want to feel but just know someone will always be proud a stranger you never meet the little spark inside you thought you lost.
the spark is there it holds you up.
sending hugs hope and pride to all be proud of where you are and where you have come from.
my mind is consumed constantly by disturbing thoughts.
i’m a lot better than i’ve been, in my sadness, my self awareness.
the things that happened with me involved damaged me.
i can accept that.
i can accept that i’m not happy, but i’ve done this to myself.
the world poisoned me and as the poisoned released i in then poisoned myself.
i’m convinced i’m not meant for this life.
while i know i am, that i am a special soul if you will.
but that doesn’t make it any easier.
i feel as if i fit nowhere, that until i am alone i cannot be i, and even then i’m so entrapped in the thought that i, whoever it is i am, is wrong.
i’m not a bad person, i don’t lie often, or cheat, i don’t steal.
i hold my morals high within my life as to who i am to the world around me.
it is the inside that sends me downward.
i just feel sad.
i think about killing myself all the  time.
every day.
but i know i never will.
i’m past certain times in my life and mental health.
i no longer do drugs, or self harm,  i stopped drinking occasionally just to keep myself in a balanced place mentally, or rather what i thought would of.
even still, i’m surrounded by these thoughts that life is beautiful but i am the problem.
i don’t feel like i’m insecure with myself, if anything the opposite.
somehow though in this mess of my mind i’ve conditioned myself into thinking that this life would be a lot better if i wasn’t around.
it’s hard to know i have to keep going, even when i don’t see a reason why.
thank you for reading.
i  hate waking up so much every day i just feel shitty and i have to leave for school in 30 minutes and i don't want to.
i feel like i'm about to have a mental breakdown and can't do anything
im 18. my depression has got worse since the age of 15. one thing that is hunting me every single day, is what i could have done different.
there is so many things i regret, and tbh its what driving my depression today.
i create fake storys in my head, in what if i done something different.
my head is saying suicide is the only way to stop this.
i fkn hate this stupid piece of shit unfair world.
but i don’t know what else to do.
i hate talking about this shit.
why does it feel disingenuous to talk?
i feel fake.
maybe because i don’t have any real issues in my life.
i’m just a lazy, fucking idiotic loser who wants to die.
please god just have me die.
my mom wants me to talk to her.
i never talk to her about this stuff.
how could i even?
she works so much and already has so much stress on her plate that it’s ridiculous and i’m supposed to come up and tell her how much i fucking hate myself, every single fucking ounce of me and how much i don’t care about anything i just want to die.
how the fuck do i tell her this???
i cannot.
i cannot add to her stress.
she will breakdown like me.
i don’t know why i’m alive.
i have, or at least had, aspirations.
right now i don’t fucking care.
i don’t care what happens to me.
except i do.
i an issue with expectations.
1. i have high expectations from myself.
when i don’t meet them, i recognize that i am a fucking retarded failure.
2. it’s not even about me reaching the high expectations.
i can’t even reach minimal expectations of life that every body else meets.
i used to be great in school.
now, i fail classes, i don’t attend college at the moment.
am i doing anything productive in hw meantime?
no.
what am i doing with my life?
i don’t fucking know i stay up too late, wake up too late, repeat.
i want to fucking die.
i love school, i hate it because i am not good at it anymore.
3. i don’t want to recognize that my personal expectations are too high.
i hate that i cannot even do the simple things everyone else is doing.
these are low expectations now that i am failing.
fuck me.
through high school i had barley a social life.
i’m not socially awkward and was friends with many people, but i only spent time with them at school.
not outside very often.
what was the point?
i look back and i think, well, how well i did in high school doesn’t even matter because i’m fucking up in the here and now.
so i think to myself, i should’ve made some fucking memories and hung out like normal people.
maybe make a friendship that would be longer lasting than fucking high school idk.
i should’ve at least had some fun if it was all going to come to this anyways fucking nope.
wasted.
everything a waste.
i’m a waste of space.
i got in a bad car accident as a passenger.
then, a year later when i started driving early on i had my first accident.
car totaled.
if i had a passenger in the car they would’ve been dead because of me.
i cannot drive, i refuse.
i cannot cross the street without feeling a rush of frightened adrenaline and flinching.
i cannot look at oncoming traffic or turns without the same thing.
but how the fuck am i supposed to live life without driving?
public transportation is a no go unless i wanna get stabbed by a crackhead one day.... although maybe i want to actually.
how am i supposed to live?
go to school?
go to work if i ever got a fucking job like a productive member of society.
ask my fucking mom to drop me off everywhere like a fucking middle schooler?
as if she doesn’t have her own life?
why can i not function properly??
i fucking hate myself.
every last fucking ounce.
i am unproductive, i am lazy no matter how much i do not want to be it feels like my natural state and that’s fucking disgusting and contemptible.
why do i default to a fucking slothish waste of space?
and i am a fucking moron.
god am i fucking retarded.
my common sense is none.
my memory is garbage.
i can’t remember anything ever.
i feel like my brain is shrinking and crushing me inside it..i do not want to be here.
i wish i hadn’t ever been born.
i want to live, but i do not.
i really fucking do not.
please take me god because i’m too pussy to do it myself and if i did it would hurt my family even more than just a freak accident or something.
my mom will kill herself if i killed myself i know it.
i fucking know it.
she might kill herself no matter how i die to be honest, suicide or not.
so what now i must wait lifetimes for family to pass before me?
even then the kids in my family exist too at least they wouldn’t kill themselves over my death thank god please stop this.
people i do not have real world problems or issues.
i am not starving, i have a home, i am blessed but i am just a horrible person.
i am a bad person, a bad human being.
i am a bad person, i do not contribute to society.
i do not contribute to my family as i avoid school and don’t work and can’t even fucking drive anybody around i do not want to fuck up again and get in another wreck this time with my mom or little cousin or anyone and get them killed i do not know what is wrong with mei do not have real issues.
i am just a lazy, retarded fucking losserrrrrrr.
a fucking loser.
a loser.
that’s the best word there is.
a fucking deadbeat loser.
fucking worthless.
i want to fix myself but i cannot, i fail at every step.
i failed so many classes and the same classes in a row i do not know how to go back to school and continue and how do i explain myself???
oh fucking boo hoo you cry like a little bitch at home because why???
you have no real problems.
you do not even have a job how can you fail school and that’s your only real responsibility?
i will probably be rejected.
my work ethic is bad, and in some subjects i simply cannot keep up.
i am an embarrassment.
a fucking loser bum.
the pandemic is not an excuse, i was already a fucking loser bum.
i despise this.
i despise me.
i hate that i hate myself and i hate who i am and all of it goes in a circle that makes me hate myself even more for being weak.
i am a weak little loser bitch bum.
i am a little bitch.
why am i scared?
i don’t know why i am so scared.
i hate myself for not being strong enough to stop myself.
it is an endless cycle.
i saw a youtube video by a woman and she said something amazing and so true.
hating oneself is narcissism.
it is extremely narcissistic.
i realize this now, i think of myself too much.
but how do u stop when i am myself?
i am me, how do i stop being me?
so that i can stop thinking of me.
i am therefore a narcissist.
i realize this now.
but i do not even feel comfortable with myself and as myself so how do i surpass myself?
i. fucking.
hate.
myself.
i hate my mind, i hate it.
fuck you.
please take me god.
as much as i want to live i want to not exist.
since i was inside all i did was screw shit up!
my whole life has been screwed up.
now look at me.
i’m nothing but toxic poisonous shit!
i feel so done with my life!
i don’t know what else to do!
i lost my job my car and now i’m stuck at my moms house getting fucked up traumatic flashbacks since infancy!
i don’t think i was ever meant for life!
i just screwed shit up now i’m damaged goods!
i’ve felt for over 2 years that life doesnt let you go anywhere.
u only suffer and have to so things u dont like.
im only in my 18-24s rn.
there is nothing wrong with my life, everything is perfect.
but i enjoy nothing.
because i think like this i dont have any motivation to do anything for school and stuff.
i watch some series and play some games to distract myself but thats it.
i genuinely dont want to live long but also dont want to commit suicide.
are there any people who feel the same way?
i cut myself, it’s not too severe and i’m ok.
i really think crying right now would make me feel better but i literally just feel numb and emotionless.
i was diagnosed with major depressive disorder when i was 12, and my teen years were...rocky.
but now, nearing 30, my depression (ugh you start referring to it as “my depression” and it’s like it’s an ugly incontinent pet that follows you around and likes to get piggybacks) has taken so many different forms as i’ve aged.
and nobody tells you that.
and i just...sometimes i miss when i was a teenager and it was like wild and violent sadness, you know?
you’d cry every day for no reason, and it was so dramatic, you’d like fling yourself to the floor and play nightwish, and punch things, and be so sure that suicide was like right around the corner for you but every day you held on felt like a triumphant punch in depression’s smirking fucking face.
but then in my 20s i just started drinking and sleeping.
i missed an entire semester of college, at first i just kept inventing food poisonings and deaths in the family, and then i stopped bothering and just failed everything because i didn’t have the energy to make excuses and they didn’t care if i wasn’t there anyway.
in the sleeping beauty phase, i lost two jobs and wasted $13,000 in tuition, it was three years before i pulled out of that nosedive.
and here i am, almost 30, and this incarnation of that unwanted party guest depression is the most insidious yet because it’s just dull, plodding numbness.
i didn’t react emotionally when my boyfriend of seven years broke up with me.
didn’t even care that much.
i just packed up my shit and moved back in with my parents.
covid affected me not at all because i never really go out.
i’m just plodding along, studying for certs in my new career path.
it’s in it.
i’m not that interested in it, but i don’t have the drive to turn a bfa in drawing into a lucrative career and i wasn’t that good anyway.
ok, so i know somewhere along the way this turned into a “piteous me, (back of hand to forehead) the petals of my youth have come to rot” the point i’m trying to make is this: my depressive episodes are recurrent, i’m learning that i have to be prepared for the fact that the coping skills i develop for one iteration of depression might not work for the next “series.” because it’s always so different.
it’s a good thing humans are so damn adaptable.
the stigma around depression is that it’s a disorder for people who “can’t hack it.” i’d argue that we’re some of the most resilient people around.
i don’t feel like i can accomplish anything.
i feel like i’m stuck in a city i don’t know anyone other than my boyfriend.
we’ve been together 3 years i moved here a year ago.
iv been through so much worse , why can’t i get myself out of this funk?
i went to jail when i was 18 because i was young and dumb and hung out with bad people.
i was only in county for 3 months but was convinced a felon.
iv been addicted to drugs , a good friend and lover oded and it was a dark time , i got clean and started college.
i come from a poor family but my work ethic is great .
i got hooked on vic’s for awhile , then said what the hell am i doing ?
so i got clean.
time goes by and i got my associates degree and i should be so proud but i feel like it’s not good enough, now what?
i have no clue what to do.... who will hire a felon?
why did i waste time and money going to school to try and prove to myself and others i’m good enough, no one seems to care.
i’m lost, my boyfriend i feel like hates me, i have no one.
i’m now cleaning as many side jobs as i can to get by .
i’m just to my breaking point and i’m so lost .... i feel like this world is so cruel.
i don’t belong anywhere
i am 39m, i suffer from major depressive disorder, general anxiety disorder, bpd, alcohol use disorder, sexual dysfunction, and gender dysphoria.
i am lonely and too broken to find anyone.
i don't have anything to live for.
i don't enjoy anything and everything is just hard work.
i am only here for my son, but i don't know how i can make my life meaningful.
i can't transition or my ex wife will stop me seeing my son.
i am too broken 😭
how can i stop these thoughts?
i always think about my family(my 3 younger siblings, and parents) dying.
these thoughts especially come at night when i'm in bed but not asleep yet.
i'll think about how my parents are getting old(one in mid 30's, other in early 40's), and then start thinking about how precious time is, and start getting depressed thinking about how we'll eventually be gone off the face of earth.
please give me advice on how to stop these depressing thoughts.
i'm only a teenager now, so i'm not sure if this is a normal thing during this time when "hormones are everywhere".
i notice i tend to have good happy dreams when i'm depressed, like a defence mechanism that's trying to buy me some level of happiness and sanity.
what ends up happening is me waking up and being twice as depressed as yesterday.
also it doesn't really help thinking of all those theories about how sleeping is dying and all this shit but i'm just trying not to think about it too much.
just took another day of work, hope i don't get fired.
also hope you guys are doing fine.
i don't need any comment wishing me to feel better.
the problematic thought process that i have is that people who commit suicide are the most selfish and narcissistic people in existence.
i know that we don’t say “commit” suicide anymore, but i call bullshit on that.
i’m gonna keep using that word.
committing suicide is a heinous and horrible thing to do because of the people that are left behind.
i don’t give a shit how depressed you are or how fucked up your life is.
you don’t just leave the people in your life forever.
at the same time, i am aware that this is troubling to think this way and i hope that someone can help me see a different perspective.
its hard for me though because of the bias i have towards people and mental health.
i’ve had 3 family members take their lives.
with covid, my dad who was a functioning alcoholic turned into a full-fledged dysfunctional alcoholic.
he almost died twice (i would classify them as suicide attempts, but it’s hard to tell how he really feels).
i myself have struggled with depression my entire life because of my sexuality.
but i would never end my life.
maybe i’m just privileged?
lack empathy?
too emotionally involved?
idk.
if anyone would like to respond to this i’d love to hear your perspective but it was good to just rant.
i wish i could just give up.
i don't know why i'm alive when i know the truth: kife is suffering and death is freedom.
why try and solve my problems when they get so rapidly replaced by new ones?
why try and trick myself into thinking people love me when i know that deep down i am alone?
why can't i kill myself when i want to, i don't want to get better, i just want to die.
why?
hope is a lie.
it sells, so people use it.
it tricks us.
it tricks us into paying money we don't have on pills and therapy which won't help.
i wish i could just forget it forever.
fully sink into the knowledge that there is no hope, no future.
it feels like the only way for me to be free.
hanging out with friends drains me.
having family or my gf around is exhausting.
i can see the people i love dearly drift away because i keep my distance.
i watch from afar as they move on and live their lives without me, while i'm still stuck in the same place i've been in for years.
when they talk i am quiet.
when they're quiet i leave.
i have nothing to say to them, and when i do, every attempt is fruitless.
i am nothing but awkward, unintelligent and unlovable.
they "yeah" me.
they "okay" me.
i don't know what i'm doing wrong.
i just want to feel like i used to when i'm with them.
i need appreciation, but i'm nobody's first choice in anything for good reason.
i've truly changed for the worse, and i don't see myself ever going back.
i just want to curl up into a ball and turn into soil for the worms to feed on.
reddit,(this is extremely long)never in a million years would i have thought i would ever post on reddit.
this is a dangerous place for somebody as sensitive as myself, but before i seriously contemplate leaving this life behind earlier than intended, i need to completely lean in to vulnerability and to get a second, third, etc., opinion.
at the very least, i hope this makes somebody else feel less alone and that it helps in some way.
i feel completely trapped.
the pain is so unbearable that my body is breaking down.
it feels like somebody has crammed a steel ball down my esophagus and i can't breathe, the migraines are making it difficult to see and hear, i'm losing my hair, and every muscle aches and tremors.
i want to preface this by saying that i have bipolar.
in 2018 i married my husband.
we met in college, said goodbye for a few years when i went to graduate school in another state, and we fell back in love when i moved back.
it was mostly bliss.
being with him was so natural.
when we got married, i didn't have a shred of doubt whatsoever that this was the wrong decision.
he was/is kind, caring, fiercely committed, stable, great family, independent, into the kind of music i was.
when i looked at him i saw home.
in 2020 is when, pandemic aside, things went south.
it started with the death of our cat.
putting her down was difficult, and for whatever reason, chaos steadily descended after that.
but it wasn't until we started trying to get pregnant for nearly a year, unsuccessfully, and then undergoing fertility treatment did our communication really break down.
sex for conception, only, for so long turned it into a chore.
i was tired down there, having sex when i didn't feel like it, constantly.
nobody was violating me but i still felt violated spiritually.
sex was a way we really connected in the past.
now we hated it.
with treatment, the poking, prodding, really painful and invasive tests, medications and vitamins (particularly co-q10 and the hormone treatment) was a devastating blow to my moods.
i was so escalated to the point of wanting to actually smack somebody, and then so low that i couldn't make it through a meal without crying.
i still don't understand why food made me cry.
i wasn't being monitored by my doctors because for so many years i had been in recession with my bipolar, or at least it being manageable, that i actually had no idea what was going on until i reflected on it later.
the treatments didn't last long not just because the treatment itself was a difficult process, but because i was feeling neglected despite this all really hurting.
i had to invite a conversation, or come in to the room crying, to be checked in on.
my ex-husband was not a mean person, but i still felt alone.
things really cracked when he told me he needed to attend a work meeting over sitting in the waiting room for fifteen minutes while i was being split open again.
all of this was happening to my body, and his only play was jerking off into a cup?
despite the fertility issues being with him (which is not his fault, this was a joint decision, but this just demonstrates how low i got with my feelings)?
i knew after this that our relationship was headed into darkness and we needed to act before it was too late.
going out more, discovering new places, bonding.
then enters the pandemic, the world shutting down, and isolation.
instead of folding into each other it was work, his hobbies, and my hobbies, separately.
there was only one place i could legally go for enjoyment that fell into one of the moratorium loopholes which was an animal sanctuary.
i went every weekend.
i shared my discomfort, and the volunteers there were adamant that i shouldn't be with this person anymore.
people who are not bipolar sometimes do not understand how vulnerable to the opinions of others you can be when you're really suffering.
i'd come home, i'd want to talk about how i was feeling, and i would get "i'm sorry", then a thousand words about what was going on at work for him.
i'd go back to the sanctuary.
people listened to me, cried for me, rubbed my back without me asking for it.
i noticed somebody there.
when i did, i was shook.
my ex-husband was upstairs putting together furniture, and i started sobbing.
i told him that i had developed these feelings, and that i don't want anything to do with them and that we have to fix this.
the bottom line is that looking back now, when it was happening, i don't feel like i tried hard enough.
i was tired and unstable and found it difficult to see the long-term effect my actions had vs.
the short-term relief of feeling understood.
i had an affair.
i moved out.
i was devastated by my decision, my ex-husband was willing to work through it.
then i lost my job.
my job i had for five years that i loved.
it is difficult for somebody with bipolar to find stable employment because a working environment is full of countless triggers that make it difficult to function.
for a while i survived perfectly, because i wasn't reeling from the effects of being untreated while undergoing fertility treatment, and i was so used to not being crazy that once again, when i spiraled from this, i didn't catch it.
things got much worse from there.
went back and forth, back and forth, many times.
we're divorced now.
i wanted freedom from feeling miserable and instead of tracing this back to unaddressed mental illness, i traced it back to my ex-husband.
i was impulsive, unstable, unreliable.
it was convincing and final.
he's not looking back and honestly who the fuck would?
i've been in survival mode since then to the point where i just don't have enough more to go on.
i've had unstable employment since then.
i practiced law for a short time at a nonprofit, which was miserable.
i thought i had finally made a break by departing from my profession and into a new world with a client i used to serve.
the environment is chaotic and our director is incredibly mean and condescending.
it's not a safe place for a sensitive person.
i feel incompetent because my memory and focus is a net-zero.
i keep forcing myself into these roles that i'm not actually good at for reasons i can't understand.
thought i'd really step out and roll the dice, and got a boob job - did absolutely nothing for my self-confidence.
10/10 do not recommend altering your body in a fundamental way when you are low.
it doesn't help.
never in my life have i ever been so dark.
i have always been extremely confident and driven, even when sick (in the bipolar sense).
i really thought i had nailed life as i was such a high-functioning person with bipolar.
the pain of losing my ex-husband is so great that it's unbearable.
he was my best friend.
how could i have been so selfish?
why couldn't have i given him more of a chance to grow, and given myself more of a chance to get help and heal?
how could i have just folded right in to negativity?
in my vows i promised always to protect him.
i failed.
there is absolutely no way somebody could ever love me the way he did, or for me to love like that, or who could ever handle this kind of baggage.
it doesn't matter how, now, i can see exactly how and why things unfolded the way they did and how it could have been prevented.
with some things there are no second chances.
it's gut-wrenching to feel like in so many ways this is exactly what i deserve, and to feel so helpless.
add the pain of failing at work tearing away an already thin layer of skin, plus isolation like sandpaper to that layer, and losing a loved one i was very close with pretty much just flayed me clean.
my life has truly collapsed like a dying star.
i miss who i was before this happened so badly.
i look back at her with envy because she had it all - looks, the husband, the job, friends, and family.
she was truly incredible.
i'm so alone, with a life that has been destroyed, and i see no way out but down.
medication isn't working, therapy isn't working.
my higher self is screaming that this doesn't define you, and that the very long track-record of success that was before you defines you.
you're a fighter, a survivor, a caring and loving friend and family member, a protector of the rights of people who are vulnerable, the best dog mom there ever was, and eclectic.
and yet all i am hearing in my ears is that you're a disaster, unreliable, an emotional shitbag, incompetent-at-work mess that has thrown away her life and the person she loved the most like a moldy fry once abandoned now discovered under the car seat.
i wake up to the nightmare that is actually my life, everyday, and very much alone.
once i get a loaded gun im gone in seconds, everything else is too easy to fail
this is me dumping out thoughts.
they may not make sense.
it started to feel like the only feeling in life that has any meaning is suffering.
pleasure is such a weird thing.
it’s like rainbows.
the promise is so tempting, yet empty.
there is no substance, no tangibility to pleasure.
i chase it nevertheless.
i don’t reach it.
i don’t even know what i am chasing anymore, or whether or not i ever caught it.
even if i caught it, it’s so momentary, so fleeting.
even when i remember the times i had pleasure, the memories only bring a desire for pleasure; they are not pleasing themselves.
i don’t have many of them, even though i’m sure there were plenty of times i’ve had pleasure.
pain and suffering on the other hand, absolutely nothing like pleasure.
you don’t have to try to catch it for example, actually, you have to be very lucky if it doesn’t catch you.
and it’s tangible.
it’s all encompassing.
and it’s not fleeting; i have many memories of pain and suffering, and i’m sure that i will collect many more such memories, and they all bring pain with themselves.
when you put pain on your mental bookshelf, you can always go back to it to feel some more pain.
most of the times i won’t even have to reach for them, they will come and find me.
pain and suffering is the most real, tangible experience i can have.
nothing else can come close to it.
and i’m tired.
my mind is a mud pit.
swimming in it requires so much energy.
when you try to drag yourself in one direction, you have to spend so much energy.
i’m tired.
i can’t keep dragging myself through the mud.
i can’t keep trying, whatever that means.
i’ve never really tried, maybe.
maybe i don’t want to.
maybe i’m just drowning in the mud.
and i’ve seen that people are not helpful.
no amount of talking can alleviate physical pain.
painkillers can.
people are not helpful at reducing mental pain either.
talking has never worked, and will never work.
those who improve, i don’t know how.
i didn’t improve.
i’ve analyzed myself psychologically, to find out what’s wrong with me, and i’ve paid people to analyze me.
it didn’t help.
i’ve used all the medications.
yes.
all of them.
literally.
i’ve used all of the antidepressants.
i hated them.
i hate them.
i have no idea what they do.
if i bought some heroin and overdosed that would have been much more helpful.
the inertia is a killer.
and it’s all encompassing.
i have to drag myself, pull myself.
pain is a great motivator though, that’s not a lie.
it will motivate me.
it will drag me through the mud.
as far as it exists.
i’ve realized that most people can’t change.
they just can’t.
our brains are not plastic.
they are more like hard rocks.
when someone changes, it’s not like reshaping a plastic material with heat.
it’s more like breaking pieces of rock.
the only thing that can push you through it is something tangible, like pain.
and i remember, and i never forget.
when i look back i’m surprised that i actually wanted anything.
i recently bought something that i wanted for years.
it made no difference.
it’s just sitting there collecting dust.
it made no difference.
these words are also bullshit.
they will not make anything better, whatever “better” is.
“better” doesn’t make any sense to me anymore.
it’s like trying to explain how the color “red” looks like to a blind person.
i don’t know what feeling good means, how it makes sense.
and i guess all the advice i was given is also bullshit.
never made a difference, because i never followed them.
i had to drag myself through the mud and i never had the energy to do it.
so i guess the blame is on me for not following advice.
it doesn’t really make any sense, i’ve never been able to make sense, ever.
i can’t really make any decisions.
mud is too thick.
the mud dampens desire.
it does nothing to suffering, but it dampens desire, it dampens drive, motivation.
when i get some drive from somewhere, it lasts a day or two, and then it gets damped.
pain is my only motivator.
i am not a rational, intelligent being.
and i guess most self help is also bullshit.
i don’t believe in the power of people to help themselves.
whatever causes improvement, those who work hard for it are not responsible for it.
more likely a mad deity blesses them.
psychology is also bullshit.
anything that isn’t pain is bullshit and can be ignored.
the only thing that matters is suffering.
the only drive that was lasting was given to me by pain.
no amount of satisfaction can ever give me the drive to achieve it.
it’s never worth it.
99.99 percent of all advice is bullshit, the ones that aren’t bullshit will often miss those who need it.
and i will always be lazy.
at one point i lived in a house with piles of trash bags everywhere.
there is no hope for me.
i just want to die now.
i just want the sweet death.
and i will never be able to think clearly.
i will never be able to make the right decisions.
i just went wherever the wind took me.
and i will always be anxious.
the future always holds more pain.
my brain will work on finding it and dwelling on it.
it will look for it everywhere.
my mind will show me how i can get hurt.
it will never stop searching.
psychology is also bullshit.
i’ve not been helped by it.
i’ve not been helped by meds either but at least meds don’t drain your bank account to zero.
and i will never change.
i just want to die.
there is no hope and there never will be.
i’m tired of hiding these feelings.
i hate most of you, and i won’t even try to hide it this time.
most people are thrash.
i’m even more thrash than most people.
a sincere fuck you to all of you, especially my parents.
don’t give me advice, it’s useless.
let the downvotes commence.
hi guys.
i'm 18f and i'm currently a senior in highschool, with plans to attend university for health sciences and aspirations to become a doctor.
i've always been a straight-a student (and i mean an obsessive 98% average) but with recent depressive episodes over the past year i'm barely passing at this point.
i've yet to be diagnosed by a psychiatrist (with canadian health care.. the wait to see a specialist has been 3 months now) but my family doctor has done his assessments and said that i have extreme bipolar tendencies and prescribed me with latuda 20mg.
this worked at first, very well actually, but the mood swings have returned and i still slip into depressive states often, then bouncing back into a high euphoria later and it's exhausting.
i'm currently in one of my worst depressive episodes ever and i'm having an extremely negative outlook on life right now.
i'm surprised i even have the energy to go to reddit but i can't really talk to anyone in my life about this.
trying to get a good medication cocktail that works for me, getting properly diagnosed (appointment in a few days, thankfully) and dealing with inhabilitating depression is a lot for a teenager.
i swear everytime i open my laptop to do schoolwork it sends me into a spiral.
i'm hoping thay once i get my meds figured out and some therapy that i can return to a somewhat normal state and be passionate again about learning and education.
right now i'm telling myself that i'm going no where in life since i can't even pass grade 12 calculus, but hopefully that isn't true.
my question is, has anyone been medically exempt from school for mental illness related limitations?
i think i already have enough credits to graduate and i've already been accepted to university.
i just don't think that i can mentally handle it right now, as i'm already months behind and barely passing.
not only that, but i've always been a good student/a perfectionist so the stress of not doing well is making my situation 10x worse.
if anyone has any experience please lmk.
tldr; has anyone been able to be exempt from school (at any level) for mental health issues?
so my only irl friend who planned with me to be roomates with me so we could easily get our own apartment is now moving to another city and didnt even tell me and hasn’t talked to me since 3 days before my birthday april 25th i only found it out because i was with my mom and saw him at the storeand now my plans have all fallen apart and honestly the only thing l feel left to do is just shooting myself not like anyone would care anyways
i used to think having kids was the worst thing that could happen because you would basically be obligated to endure limitless suffering in the name of someone else's life.
suicide wouldn't be an option but now i realize even though i don't have kids i still can't kill myself because i have people that care about me and i can't escape from the judgment of the transcendent for the sad path that is the moments before you pull the trigger.
i think i need to talk to someone or rather someone to talk to me.
i'm not having good thoughts
guys i'm fucking dying here i didn't sleep and i have school today... me and my gf broke up and i can't stop remembering our memories... the things she said to me... it's too hard i can't handle this feeling... this is killing me i thought it was her you know... my true love...
i’m honestly fucked, i didn’t think it would go that far then i was on the way to the hospital, i’m so exhausted, i’m feeling everything and more, my boyfriend won’t call me, my mom is disappointed and yelled at me holding my cut so i don’t bleed out as everyone is looking at me fuck my life
how can i stop the random thought, i always have these deep thoughts about like existence and “forever” and it makes me sad sometimes, and i just want to stop thinking about it, i wanna enjoy my life, is it depression or just anxiety?
i’ve had depression basically all my life, everyday just gets harder i’m constantly always sad and crying.
i feel like i can’t talk to anyone about it anymore i’m also hurting my 4 year relationship with my bf, i’m constantly in a spot in my home where anything i say is used against me.
so most days i blame myself and i’m just making everyone around me frustrated i’m tired of always being anxious somethings gonna happen and i just can’t take it anymore.
i’m also dealing with my ibs and anxiety on top of my depression and it’s like i can’t catch a break from anything.
i feel like everything is coming at me all at once.
i just want wanna be okay for once...
the friend in question became distant... stopped answering my messages - and then when i reached out told me things weren’t ok and they wanted space.. but they would be able to talk to me about it in a few months.
months turned into years , and i was told by a mutual friend to not get in touch- that it was a bad idea.
those friends have moved onto to bigger and things and im out of the picture.
it has caused me severe depression and anxiety .. i’m terrified of running into this ex in person and constantly am anxious that ill see them when i’m out in public or public transport.
i dream of them at least every second night , and think about them daily.
i thought it would get better with time , but it honestly just gets worse and worse.
without fail every time i think of them my throat wells up and i bawl my eyes out.
i also often wake up crying having dreamt about them and cry til the sun rises.
i can’t explain the darkness surrounding the situation- i’m totally haunted by it and feel so deeply remorseful about what went wrong .
(i think its because i wasn’t being present and made them feel unappreciated- but it was totally by accident) i miss them so much - the feeling is completely unquantifiable.
knowing i could die without saying goodbye or making amends is something i cant process .
truthfully, the situation makes me want to end my life more than anything else.
it makes the thought of dying feel like a good option.
ive been fantasizing about suicide more than ever.
ive tried therapy and sobriety, but no matter what it just gets worse with time.
this friendship is so deep and means the world to me ... but i guess that feeling isn’t mutual.
i keep catching myself fantasizing about a reunion... or a space where we could cry and hug and talk it out.
but then i realize i may just be in deep denial.
i don’t even know why i’m posting this
 when doing nothing, playing games or just lying in beed i have random thoughs in my head and i'm a little afraid it may be something to worry about.
i wan't to add that this is my voice and i recognize that those are thoughts that just feel out of control.
some examples are just repeating slowly in head what other person said (also when watching youtube) or having random thoughts like "this character is strong" while playing games (it's kinda hard to give examples, but i feel anxious about those random phrases")
i’ve self destructed so much and now there are holes left in my soul.
damage and paranoia that have made a home out of my bones.
i didn’t love myself before, and that’s all i needed.
now i can’t seem to forgive myself for all the people i was before now.
now, i’m not even sure who i am.
they say it gets better, but it’s been a while.
it’s still bad, if anything the darkness has grown with me.
my boyfriend is amazing.
he really is the best.
the only times i have a hard time is when he tries to be my therapist, even though he studied that and knows that doing this is wrong.
“i don’t think you have major depressive disorder, i think you just get sad sometimes.”i have been diagnosed and quit therapy before, went back and newsflash: same thing.
it feels invalidating and upsetting when he says these things.
i tell him but i don’t debate it because i don’t even have the energy anymore.
he’s is a little disapproving of me being on medication because he says i don’t need it but doesn’t push further.
i’m standing my ground on that because i cannot handle the suicidal urges anymore and this has been my lowest point yet.
i just wish it was as easy as saying it’s temporary.
i wish it was temporary.
i don't even know what angle to approach this post from.
i'll just say that for the last several years i have not taken care of myself and it could be lethal.
i eat nothing but junk, literal junk food bag of chips for dinner.
my blood pressure is very high in the 150's last time i checked and has been high for many years probably.
i probably have fatty liver/kidneys.
most days i tell myself i don't care and others i am terrified by what i am doing to myself.
i am afraid of death and think about it every single day.
to the point it consumes me.
but why am i killing myself?
i have thoughts of dying from heart attacks/strokes or aneurisms etc.
other days i think about jumping from my balcony over 20 stories up.
i am afraid to die and yet it feels inevitable.
like there's nothing i can do and i have given up.
i have lived this way for so long i don't even like to think about trying to function normally.
i have no hope for the future.
the world is fucked and gets more fucked everyday.
war is inevitable.
climate crises, water wars, fuel wars, and that's if we make it past a world war due to the situation in taiwan or ukraine, india/pakistan, israel/all the neighbors.
i think about this stuff everyday.
china vs us is inevitable.
this shit will spiral out of control quickly and we will all die.
what is the point of trying?
my family?
they are all going to die as well.
we are all going to die anyways so why does it matter.
everything is fucked.
we are all fucked.
i can barely cum due to meds.
i can only have a mild orgasm with very rough porn and my vibrator on high.
im gay but i cant only really get off to mxf porn thats pretty unequal and sexist tbh i think its a internalised homophobia thing.
i feel gross
day after day, the feeling of loneliness and failure get stronger and stronger.
the abyss which normally houses the calm empty place of my soul has become torrent of emotion.
so i'm gonna chill here for a bit, but who has that sad music playlist i can vibe with?
...seriously someone here has to have it lol
so to start i have been stuck 24 year in a house where everyone except me believe in a religion.
that has given me a lot of difficult times because i'm like the ugly duck of the family.
also, everyday my mom has some order to give me to say something, she does not ask me if i'm ok or why i don't keep doing my paints.
it is just for an order, to say what i did wrong or to tell me what i have not done yet in her perspective.
i feel guilty for doing things i used to love doing because they judge me for it.
my family is big so the influence is huge.
right now i feel like i want to explode.
i have been 3 days free from work and most of the days i have been on bed and with a lot of anxiety.
i don't feel my life is worth anything, like it is painful to go home after work because i already know what i gonna find.
my family does not accept how i am and i have been pretending a lot of things by the years.
but i'm tired of pretending and this is killing me already.
i wish i was never born.
sorry you all if you read this.
i will stop writting now, it has been a lot.
last week, i spent the entire time home – high off painkillers because of complicated wisdom teeth removal.
normally, time alone is spent at the pc, doing things of varied/questionable productivity.
but as meds fluctuated in effect, i felt either too in pain or too numb to do anything.
so i just spent most of the daytime sleeping to deal with either of the extremes.
it felt good.
too good.
'ha ha i am in danger' good.
not being conscious means no pains to deal with, and it's not just the physical teeth pain i am talking about here.
at least with pc, i can justify that i am watching education videos, writing or maybe helping my mental state by watching/playing something (because that 'totally' works, ha).
but sleeping for a couple of hours just delays the problems with an added smidgen of guilt afterwards.
then again, everything i do recently feels exactly like that anyway.
so why did last week scare me so much?
is it because it feels like the next stage of life on this bitch on an earth that i don't want to step into?
just sleeping the time away in chunks of trial runs of oblivion until the real thing arrives?
...even at night, i am now scared to go to sleep – because addiction is a quiet thing.
and that sucks.
i just can't take things anymore.
for about 2 years i've felt this way.
i am mad at myself.
i can't do even one thing right.
i constantly mess up and there is just so much pressure on me.
i wish i could just grab a knife and hurt myself.
nearly no one would care.
i'll be forgotten in maximum 2 weeks.
i am just stupid useless thing.
i never have any form of motivation to do anything.
it's a struggle to get out of bed at this point.
nothing brings me happiness anymore.
even stuff i used to love.
i just stay there and  thing of how much easier it would be if i lay in bed all day.
that's not happening only with work.
it happens to everything.
my energy is very small compared to what it was.
4 mounts ago i used to practice self-harm and last summer i nearly killed myself.
i shouldn't feel this way.
i'm only 13. i often feel like i'm unappreciative.
i've tried talking with my parents, but they don't believe in mental health.
they say ill be fine.
sometimes i'm wondering if i'm not just an idiot faking everything which makes me feel even worse.
i call myself names often.
i don't believe i have any good qualities.
i have no idea what to do anymore and how to get better.
i lost my mother recently 8 months ago.
she was only 38. the pain that i feel is unbearable at times, i have to block out these intrusive thoughts but it’s hard at times.
has anyone loss their parent at a young age ?
i’m 22 &amp; she was 38. i just need someone that understands what i’m going through to hear me out
a little over a week ago i had to leave my entire life behind and move back with my parents in my home town.
i just turned 30 and was happy i mean truly happy.
i was living in philadelphia with my girlfriend  with whom i loved very much and still do in some capacity.
she became abusive gradually as her substance abuse became worse but the final straw came when she attempted to kick me down a flight of stairs tearing my meniscus  the slammed my finger in the front door of our home as i was leaving for the evening.
she double compound fractured my hand.
i am a chef and this has been devastating.
i left everything i had took my dog and my laptop and drove 16 hours home right away.
over the past week is has started to set in that i am starting from nothing.
i don't know if i will ever be able to preform in my career as i once did and i feel hopeless and helpless.
i feel so alone.
i pushed everyone away and they went.
nobody even tried to fight for me.
i have absolutely nobody.
what’s the point:/
my mom has bought 'natural' pills, online, to make me feel better.
i love that she is trying everthing to make me feel better.
but medication isn't going to cure my depression.
i think it's actually sick that there are people getting rich from who are people suffering.
does life and emotion seem vivid?
does sunshine feel good on your face?
does the air taste sweet?
do you feel a pull when you look at someone's eyes?
do you have feeling of solidity and strength at your core?
is this just unreasonable elation?
hi been struggling about my mental health for about six months now  with varies things i was on medications for for it years back and now i feel its time to think about deciding to go back on meds for it but …how do i have that discussion with the doctor over the phone ?
any suggestion of your own experience ?
why does it hurt so much after you’ve waited for something for so long and it doesn’t even happen the way it was planned in your at all it actually turns into you loosing people that you thought were super close to but we’re only nice to you till they got what they wanted why does it always end up being that people only one you to get something they wanted and then throw you away like you meant nothing to them after that.
what happens when you ask help from school, about your mental help or self harm.
i really want to ask someone for help but i'm scared that people will judge or see me as someone who just seeks for attention.
alright i'm not in a very good state , i can't take therapy even if i want to and i need someone to help me with medication, i can't sleep at night even if i do i wake up 20 times in not a very normal way my heart beats so fast i feel it will burst or explode and i'm always feeling uneasy and as if i just can't think and concentrate on anything always absent and i just can't take this , chest always feeling heavy and just always stressed and distressed and all over the place it's all a mess , please help me out with some basic medication or anything you talk to stay calm normal and all of that please help me out i don't wanna be in this state i wanna be fine i wanna be normal i wanna live i just wanna live peacefully normally happy , i need to be fine i've lost 4 years already i can't anymore i can't
so inherently weak and flawed and for what reasontrying too hard, you're trying too hardplease stop, you're exhausting memy hope and motivation to continue are beyond diminished and i forsee little chance of regaining itbut of course that's your faultnothings going right, it's all wrongdead ends, don't know what to do, no one will help they don't know how hard you're trying to keep it together please just do it already, i've been suffering long enough i'm quite hungry, i only wish for 2 slices of lighty buttered toastthank you
sometimes i like to daydream about a place where i can live without anyone around, a place where i can cut off all ties with everyone around me.
that way, i can stop being a burden to everyone around me.
i feel like that is a better alternative to death.
but at other times, i feel like death would be an easier solution, as the fear of dying can be felt only up until i can finally rest.
but then i think about him, who looks at me with only warmth in his eyes.
would he be sad if i left?
i'm tired of people and socializing, but while i'm avoiding everyone, i can only think about how much i miss him.
my friends are constantly trying to make plans.
most of the time, i do not want to hang out with anyone, but sometimes i would force myself, just so i can see him.
i feel like the act of liking someone is so draining, but it's something that can't be controlled.
i want to just stop feeling for once.
maybe then, i can be free from all of this negativity flooding my mind.
if i didn't have feelings for him, would i stop hesitating to drop everything and leave?
it's so frustrating that i have so many questions that i can't seem to find an answer to without exposing my ugliness to others.
my friends do not know how i am feeling on the inside.
they often tell me that i look or sound sad sometimes.
i've been having trouble letting them in, even though they've been so vulnerable with me.
the guy that i like did try to get me to open up.
i almost broke down and told him everything, but i managed to stop myself from showing him how ugly of a person i am.
i feel like a fake.
i feel like i'm always wearing a mask in front of other people.
occasionally, i feel as though this is a bad thing, but i know it's for the best because if i got vulnerable with my friends, i feel as though they would get uncomfortable or would feel pressured whenever they talked to me.
i am obsessing over someone i haven’t even seen in like, a decade.
she was my first real crush and she was into me too back then, but i never took the shot.
but that was a long ass time ago and we’ve both moved on and lived our separate lives.
but she sparked my interest in music so every time i play my drums or sing or play guitar, i picture her in the crowd being impressed.
i can’t get this fucking girl off my mind and it’s killing me.
she’s leagues above me, and i know she doesn’t even think about me anymore, but holy shit she’s on my mind all the damn time.
i’ve unfollowed her, unfriended her, but i still come back and check on her all the time.
it feels so pathetic because i want to move on and i know she has, but i haven’t yet.
it’s fucking bullshit.
i've stayed isolated about how i feel for so fucking long and i recently tried to reach out to my friends about how i am feeling, i have been told by them that they wanted me to leave them alone and how i was feeling was too much for them, i understand that my mental health isn't their responsibility but i just want more than anything to be cared about.
i am more suicidal now than i have felt in years, i tried so hard to reach out and no one wanted to help me.
i am so lonely and i don't know what to do with myself any more
even though i was making a lot of money i started a job today and i feel slightly better like my mind is a little more slowed down and i’m at ease.
but i’m making less money ….
kind of sucks but staying at home everyday started to feel like a simulation like the same exact thing over and over and over sitting in the room playing a game watching youtube i barley would drive anywhere but i felt a little better to actually go out and do something.
it’s not all better but i feel slightly better after today hopefully it continues
i’m graduating and i just landed my dream role.
i’m really proud of myself and i’m grateful i’ll have a job, but i thought i would feel happier.
i honestly felt nothing when i got the job.
i cried from relief for a few minutes and now i just have anxiety again about my first day, what if i get fired, what if i don’t like it, etc.
:( i just feel like i will never be happy.
my whole life is structured around these goals i want to set for myself... and i set them/achieve them, but i feel nothing.
yes, it is true, i was shocked when my psychiatrist told me but honestly it is not that crazy.
the main symptom of depression is the inability to enjoy things and feeling desmotivated, and that is my biggest issue.
i have big symptoms in my body, my skin feels like its burning and my muscles are sore all the time, i can't sleep or concentrate properly and get random chills during the day.
however, i don't want to die or feel like i'm trash (i used to when i was a teenager).
my depression is severe because of the severity of my symptoms, they really shut me down but i don't really manifest anything in appearence.
people look at me and tell me i look fine and 100% not depressed but my body says otherwise.
do you know someone like this?
i feel like i don't fit anywhere and no one gets me, everyone thinks when i tell them i am the stereotype of being depressed (probably you have been stereotyped as well) and honestly it is annoying.
“it gets better”.
maybe.
maybe not.
i’m gonna be bummed either way.
they’re gonna be bummed either way.
in times of isolation i often speculate on why i feel the urge to see her.
when someone causes you so much grief and agony surely you must feel the need to loath and hate their very existence.
however underneath the despair, or rather the emptiness.
the flare of sunlight shoots into my mind, scattered like sold beams moving like waves.
slowly her devine appears looking as angelic as ever before.
her hair casting the beams of light, her lips soft and calm.
eyes like the deepest of water, blue sapphires you can drown in with just the slightest glance.
then once again enveloped in grief and despair like a living gale.
i'm alone in isolation hoping and praying the sun will flare brighter than ever and i can drown in those cold sapphires once more.
i’ve always been depressed.
i’ve never known anything different.
i remember being six and waking up in the middle of the night to sneak downstairs and steal a knife.
i’d spend hours tracing it across my heart imagining how easy it would be to just run into it.
i was six years old the first time i tried to kill myself.
every day since has been constant hell.
people always say (and by this i mean my mom) that the good balances out the bad, but it doesn’t always.
i don’t have moments where the pain stopped.
i don’t have memories that i can hold onto to convince me to live.
the concept of holding onto a perceivable happiness is abstract.
i don’t know what that is.
i’ve never experienced it.
yet i’m supposed to.
the saying “seeing is believing” comes to mind.
if i have never held happiness in my hands.
if i have never seen it or tasted it, how am i supposed to believe in it?
but i’m just supposed to, i guess.
still they say- just have faith.
just have hope.
well hope is a beautiful thing.
it kept me alive for years.
16 years to be exact.
but it died a year ago.
hope is everything.
everything that has ever been accomplished has been by hope.
it’s that little bit of light in an otherwise absolute darkness.
it held me on for years and after numerous failed suicide attempts.
i’d be lying if i didn’t hope that it was the worlds way of saying (god’s way of saying) that i still belonged here.
but my depression killed it.
life continuously beating me down when i already laid a puddle on the floor killed it.
a realization that stuck a nail in this soon to be coffin is that depression can’t be cured but you can learn to cope.
which is like duh everyone knows that and for most people that’s fine.
they can learn to cope because the good balances out the bad.
but then i began to wonder where that leaves me if it doesn’t.
i understand that pain is inevitable.
i know you have to experience bad things to appreciate the good.
i know that.
i’m not afraid of that.
that’s not the problem.
when it comes to facing the world, i can do that.
what i can’t do, is face myself.
there’s this profound sadness in my soul that sweeps me like a current.
it aches in me every day.
i could be laughing and dancing with my best friend in the car and when it whispers, i fall apart.
it lingers inside me and no amount of love and affection makes it go away.
i can physically feel it in my heart tearing me open.
it’s a different kind of pain from physical pain.
i remember when i had a severe gallstone attack and i was shivering, vomiting, sweating, and hunched over on the bed.
i ended up in the hospital getting my gallbladder removed.
i shit you not, i’d rather live my life with my gallbladder attacks then the way i feel now.
it’s like my soul is screaming in pain.
the kind of screaming you’d do if you were being burned alive.
that’s what it feels like anyways.
like my soul is screaming and hyperventilating ugly crying.
while i sit quietly pretending i’m not carrying a combustion within the walls of my skin.
i can cope with a lot, but feeling this forever isn’t something i want.
i’m not sure what my point of all this was.
i guess i just needed to get all my thoughts out even though they’re kinda everywhere.
i ended up writing a bunch about a lot of different things i mention but in more detail.
maybe i’ll post them
life, of course.
i’ve had depression for about half of my life now (i’m in my 30’s) and it’s consumed so much of who i could be.
friendships suffer and i duly suffer in consequence.
it’s hard for me to connect with people; most people in my day-to-day are only there because they have to be (coworkers, mostly).
but every once in awhile i meet someone truly special, and wether intending to be romantic with them or not, i end up screwing up the relationship because as it were, they happen to be the sunshine to my darkness.
i end up asking for more than they can give, and far too soon.
wondering what i’m supposed to do with this knowledge, what i’m supposed to learn from it, where i’m actually supposed to be, because i feel like i’m nowhere at all and i’ll end up being there when i die, too.
sucks.
so long story short i slowly became more depressed and anxious over the course of highschool, which occurred hand in hand with my path away from focusing on school work and moving towards drugs and alcohol.
i was using marijuana everyday, drinking on the weekends, and taking psychedelics every so often.
it wasn't until i graduated and had a major tipping point, where i tripped acid for the second time and then took 90+% thc tabs; resulting in a psychotic break that left me with crippling manic depression, auditory hallucinations of my best friends telling me i didn't deserve to live, everyone hated and judged me and that i should kill myself, and anxiety that didn't allow me to leave the house unless it was a necessary health appointment.
i say all this to pose the question of what do i do now that it has been almost two years since my psychotic episode and stint in a mental hospital that i find myself always tired, still addicted to nicotine &amp; weed(mostly delta-8) and seem to be always looking for an escape ( drugs, video games, porn, netflix, sleeping) when i want to be achieving so much more than i am currently capable of?
i want a job, i want to go back to college, i want to get a girlfriend; but all of these things seem so unachievable for me right now due to my mental health.
i still persevere and try new medications and do what i can to optimize my daily routine in despite of occasional auditory hallucinations, suicidal thoughts and severe social anxiety/ paranoia, i just wish things would get easier and need to vent my frustrations anonymously.
fyi i am on 4 mg rexulti, 0.5 mg clonazapam as needed, and gabapentin 300 mg 2x a day.
all of these drugs add to my fatigue and the only alternatives i can think of are switching anti-psychotics to find one that has less sedating and non-offensive sexual side effects, or continuing down the path of trying to be sober in the hopes of one day getting off this medication and quote on quote returning to my normal self.
i know things will never be the same after what happened to me, but i will never give up as i have always had the feeling deep down that i am destined for success and happiness, it just might take some time.
anyways that's my rant so thanks for reading if you made it to the end and feel free to leave any relatable advice or experiences down below.
:) :(
i want to start this by saying i’m not writing this out of a need for reassurance or sympathy, really i just want to articulate my thoughts and feelings.
i’ve been depressed for as long as i can remember, but that didn’t stop me from making friends and creating a support system.
i love all my friends and i’m very grateful to all of them for helping me when my intrusive thoughts and self destructive tendencies come to light.
they’ve seen the worst of me and still helped me when i was down.
i always felt indebted to them despite their protest against that thought, so i wanted to externalize that good that they help foster within me by getting my life back on track and returning to my health.
and this past year i truly tried, i really did, i worked untiled i cried, i push myself as much as i could take and then some, and i was becoming the person i wanted to be.
it was hard but progress was being made until recently when something happened to me due to my own fault and all my past self destructive nature that caught up to me.
a dear friend of mine, that i considered my best friend for a time, was hurt and couldn’t deal with me anymore so we agreed to stop being friends.
ever since then i haven’t gathered the strength to get up let alone do all the things i did prior.
i relapsed into my worse me and alienated my friends that stuck with me for so long.
i had prior agreements to go on a vacation with some family and figured a change in scenery would do good for me.
after a long day of driving, i got up early yesterday day and went out to the beach and stood there and watched the most beautiful sunrise i’d ever seen with my eyes, but i felt nothing, i didn’t expect it to fix me or anything but i hoped i would allow myself one moment where i could be in the present.
i know thing will get better it usually always does but i’m so tired of this constant struggle, this back and forth, there’s no meaning in it all it leaves are forgotten friends and hollowed memories, i’m tired of struggling, i’m tired of being tired.
time is a monster in a slasher movie.
you can't stop it,  you can only make it play dead.
i'm uglier now than i ever have been.
every day that i'm not successful is just another day that i grow more pathetic.
i'm 28. i live at home with my mom.
i lost so many jobs, i only have the one i have now by dedicating myself to making sure i never lose it.
i lost my last serious relationship over two years ago and never recovered.
she said that i shouldn't date anyone.
she was right.
i'm ugly and i'm tired of my friends and family lying to me about it.
they lie lie lie lie lie lie lie about it.
i'm ugly.
just tell me i'm fucking ugly and insane and undateable.
they know it's true and they lie.
they pretend that suddenly everything is going to make sense and my life will magically work out and i'll be successful and a magical perfect person will appear out of nowhere and love me.
but whenever i have feelings for someone it's suddenly "oh, she would never date someone like you, you should just give up on that one. "
every single fucking time.
and they're right.
i'm no one's type because no one deserves to be with a pathetic,  gross, ugly loser who has no future.
it'd be terrible for them.
my first girlfriend beat me.
she had every right to do so,  i realize now.
we dated for years all of which i robbed from her.
i dated my second girlfriend for twice as long,  over five years and i ruined her life.
she told me as much.
she still has nightmares about me.
i'm a monster.
there is no ethical way for me to continue living.
i deserve to be punished for my crimes.
i'm a monster,  a gross and disgusting monster.
does anyone else feel so much regret for how much depression has dumbed you down?
i've gone from being an intellectual person to barely surviving.
i graduated with first class honours when i was 21 and now at the age of 28 i can honestly say i am dumber than i was back then.
everyday is just mindless and i feel no motivation for anything anymore.
i used to love reading and i can't even do that anymore.
i used to love learning new languages but i've lost the natural flair i had for picking them up and moreover have lost the knowledge i had of ones i had learnt.
i used to be on top of things world news wise until my therapist suggested it is one of my triggers so now i ignore the news but just feel so out of the loop on things.
hate this mental disorder, i hate my brain and i hate myself.
or should i?
they’re very caring and great parents.
but i’m hurting severely.
why would i want to then hurt other people?
sounds selfish.
i'm a loser, i admit that.
i'm 26 still live at my moms.
my iq is 72, and i have noting going for me.
i like to write and box but because where i am and because i'm not a great wiriter i'm still where i am; a no body.
i'm to old to box and to dumb to even join the army i feel like i should end myself.
i feel like i let my family and friends down.
i should be doing better than i am now but i ain't.
sometimes i wish i have gotten my heart broken again, just to feel something.
i know i know very generic title.
every since i got my bachelors degree in 2019 (i went to college late in life it’s a long story, i am 35.)
i have felt so empty and without motivation.
i have a physical disability so finding a job or even a career is let’s just say more difficult that maybe the average.
right after i graduated i was trying so hard going on interviews doing what i thought was the right thing to do.
but then the pandemic hit and i try to tell myself to take the time to calm down and slow down, but i was afraid that if i didn’t find something to do i would be a failure or i would be that societal stereotype that people picture when they see a physically disabled person.
i thought i wanted to go to law school but the thought of getting a graduate degree makes me feel so exhausted and i haven’t even done anything to make that happen.
i have no idea what i want to do in my future careerwise.
i have lost the drive it’s like i really just don’t care anymore if i never work.
but then if i don’t what others think of me?
will they think i’m lazy?
i don’t wanna let people down who believe in me but i’m afraid to tell them the truth that right now i really want to do nothing.
it’s tough when all of my friends or people that i know are succeeding.
i’m very happy for them but i just feel like i keep on losing the race like i’m stuck at the starting line and i can’t even get going.
sorry this is long i’m just venting maybe someone else i can relate.
i’m new to the reddit space.
i’ve been mentally ill my whole life, ever since i was a child.
i suffer from bpd, ocd, depression, anxiety; i’m a drug addict and i have severe trauma.
every day is a struggle.
i’m in so much mental agony that it physically hurts.
i’m on medication and getting therapy, i have loving friends and family, but nothing ever helps.
i feel so alone and i’m tired of people saying it’ll get better.
it never does.
my mother got upset at me for telling my girlfriend and her parents about my new job first.
when i explained everything about my new job to my mother she tried to berate me and call me ungrateful and pretended she didn’t care.
she further debated me on the subject implying my girlfriend and her mother are out to get me.
i am frequently treated like shit because i don’t confide in my mother; or if i do i confide last.
my mother is adamant i confide in her and only her.
all i did was explain how my day went honestly and my mother acted like a child and claimed i only come to her when there are bad things that happen to me.
she frequently downplays my relationship and labels me single, frequently treats me like shit when she isn’t seen as the one and only provider, and often “forgets” any good i’ve ever done in claim of driving home that i am a terrible son.
i have repeatedly spent months away from home at significant others’ places for a few years now and to this day deal with these issues.
she claims bad things are coming of me talking about a new found job position to my significant others’ and says i will run to her crying.
among anxiety felt by this new position i start soon, i am feeling depressed at home.
i quit gambling a few weeks back and have been talking to a therapist but felt it necessary to post this seeking any advice i can.
also as an afterthought, she claims i left her alone on mother’s day despite three to fours years in a row now trying to orchestrate a celebration only to be met with the fact that i actually don’t care and am using the day to get something from her.
there’s no problem with not being able to win.
she’s troubled and i feel like leaving my house permanently is my only course of action and i intend to shortly given some time.
tomorrow morning or the next day she’ll have forgotten all about this and it’ll be reset but she’s easily triggered.
she won’t seek any sort of diagnosis or admit there’s a problem, she has no friends, does not take or heed advice by myself or my brother (who is 17 going on 18).
unfortunately i am coming to the end of my rope with my relationship with her.
i hope you are all staying safe and healthy.
hi, i suffer from major depressive disorder and am tired of letting depression steal joy from my life.
i’m introverted/shy and get lonely and stuck in my head a lot.
i’ve always wanted to travel but thought i needed to have friends to do so.
i’m tired of waiting around for that to happen though and have started looking into solo travel.
has anyone with on here tried solo traveling while suffering with a mental illness?
i’m afraid my depression/anxiety will leave me unable to enjoy the trip but also feel like it could be a positive experience if i’m willing to push myself.
any feedback is appreciated.
i (18m) do not understand my alteration between feeling energetic and determined, and depressed in need of feminine affection.
when i am on my lows, i cuddle my pillow and fantasize about cuddling an attractive young woman.
there is nothing sexual about it.
i don't even want a real relationship, as i am just not ready to commit.
this is something that i have endured since i was around 7-8 years old.
after watching the dying-in-lap scenes, from star wars to pearl harbor, i would fantasize about being one of the characters receiving the affection.
i would write my own stories, but largely obsess over the love and affection that a character receives while dying in the lap of their loved one.
initially, i would want any person to give me love, but then it turned to a feminine obsession.
i would even try to bait my friends, while we were pretending, into giving me affection as i pretended to die.
my parents raised me well, receiving a lot of affection from my mother.
however, i did spend a lot of my early years in a daycare, which i loathed because i was so lonely.
i also struggled to socialize with a lot of kids, and still feel isolated in school, despite the fact that i have a formidable amount of friends.
 when i turned 11, it stopped, but at around 14, i had feelings of platonic love for the first time.
i fantasized about giving her (we'll call her abby) affection, and it was incredible.
before my 15th birthday, abby rejected me under the conditions of being too busy.
i was disappointed, but repressed it until a couple months age 16, in which i did a lot of self reflecting a realized how i still loved her.
i admitted it to abby, and while she was nice about it, i spiraled into a depression.
for four months, on and off, i would feel passionate love for her.
i only spoke to her a couple times in my life, but i never felt so much grief before.
 during those four months, however, i would drift into thinking about other random, attractive girls, with more excitement and passion than the stable love i felt for abby.
i repressed these thoughts until month 5 because i was trying to become more self-aware (hence, recognizing that i still loved abby in the first place).
no longer in love with abby, my chronic fantasies steered towards random, attractive girls.
turning 17, i began texting other girls whom i found to be attractive, even though my conscience opposed it.
i met one girl online who i became absolutely infatuated with and spent all of my time obsessing over her.
i wanted to cuddle, kiss, and everything else.
for two weeks, i neglected all of my schoolwork and almost failed some classes.
during that relationship, there were periods in which she ghosted me, and one case in which she almost got sick and died.
yet again, i felt miserable grief.
she made me so happy.
realizing how toxic my obsession for her was, i left her.
i began obsessing over other girls, and while also trying self improvement techniques.
i only eat healthy food, get good grades, don't masturbate, exercise, have great friends, and yet i behold these feelings of misery.
 i even try to adhere to a schedule, but these frequent waves of misery render hard work to be more difficult.
i also obsess over looking attractive and getting attention, even pretending to be a terrorist or dictator at times.
what is my problem?
 can anybody relate?
what is my issue?
remember, my desire for affection is only for attractive, young females.

i just cant find a reason to continue on besides not wanting to hurt my wife.
nothing i want to do i can do because of money, and i'd honestly probably fuck it up anyway.
im stuck in a shitty retail job that gives me no transferable skills to where i want to be, and every other job ive wanted or tried to get has blown me off.
i've been working and trying sp hard since i became an adult to try and find success and be happy in life.. nothing ive done has worked, and its to the point people i talk to about it just give me a sad look and say "sorry man".
like fuck if the people around me are giving up, i think its time i do too.
i'm tired of hating everything i do and i'm tired of not wanting to fix it.
i wanna go to bed and not wake up.
i've been like this for years and i can't stop it.
i just want to die but i'm too much of a coward to rope myself or buy a gun.
i don't understand why i'm like this and i feel like it's driving me insane the more i think about it
i can’t tell if i feel selfish or useless but i feel like shit.
i don’t know the exact but a few weeks ago i burnt-out and basically couldn’t do anything for 2 weeks.
i’m typically the type of person who does their work immediately and spends free time studying.
i’d feel guilty if i took any time for myself, i guess i still do.
i wasted so much time.
i just feel like an idiot.
i knew i had work to do and i still did nothing.
i really hate myself sometimes.
i feel like i'll never be good at anything, i always thought i was going to love college, that i would thrive in it, but i'm just so stupid, i had to take some classes more than 4 times because i couldn't understand things even when hiring tutors to help me out.
sometimes i feel like quitting, but i think it would make me feel even more like a failure, especially when i have a really smart successful younger sibling.
i don't even feel worthy of existing, i wish i could just disappear.
something i've just wanted to put into words.
lately i've been depressed, and a new way i've been able to cope with it is to do what i can each day at my best, but at the same time looking forward to dying early.
honestly, from the shit i've been going through, i wouldn't mind dying at any time of the day for any reason.
heck, most of the time i just do the stuff that seems productive to pass the time so i can just sleep and look forward to dying in my sleep (even if it sounds like a pipe dream).
that's why most of my first words when i wake up are "damn it.
not dead yet."
i'm very cynical about life right now for personal reasons, and i'm not really hoping for anything.
i just deal with the world as it is while hoping to die soon.
i’m just overwhelmed with life….it’s so hard and trying to get through each day when i can’t get out of the mindset of “i never asked to be alive” 2-3 years ago, i was rlly suicidal and i just really couldn’t see myself passed the age of 17/18now i’m 18 and i feel stuck….idk what to, i already feel like a failure in life it all feels so pointless, and i just want everything to stop.
i cant express how i feel atm.
i just get through a lot of shit and i would like to talk with someone about it.
[captain depressions guide to managing anxiety and depression](thats right you heard me correctly!
i have been driving a boat and fishing for the past 10 years up in se alaska and i also have suffered from anxiety and depression since i was 12 years old.
the off season is the hardest part to be truthful.
with in the past month i was hospitalized for suicide prevention because i gave up and was ready to call it quits.
luckily i have a wonderful support group and the helped me make the decision to go to a behavioral clinic for mental illness.
i had an amazing experience inside and really it helped turn my thinking around.
so i decided to write a blog about my experience with mental illness as well as write about some cooping strategies i have to manage my thoughts and actions.
you can find out more at captaindepression.com and if your interested, you can subscribe and get notified whenever i post new content.
i hope everyon has a great day today and if you have questions, feel free to ask down in the comments.
ill answer them as soon as im done with my work day today.
hold fast everyone
this is going to be a long one so let me just give a quick overviewi have this emotional cycle- really anxious(my anxiety is worse than "normal"/main problem) really depressed(my depression is worse than "normal/my main problem) "normal"(mix of both some days more depressed some more anxious so my baseline) happy (i'm fine like normal normal).
now time to explain in depth.
really anxious- so my anxiety just is really bad like its my main problems/ causing all my problems.
i can't eat (either because i have no appetite, too anxious, or don't want to);or eat too much.
anxiety and panic attacks happen more than "usually".
usually happens after one of the other "stages" not usually out of the bluereally depressed- tw.
during this stage i am at a all time low, i hate myself more than usually.
it takes so much effect to do basic things, i'm don't really care about anything.
i will sh more, and get more suicidal thoughts.
never comes out of the blue.
"normal"- so this is my baseline i'm a mix of anxiety and depression.
so the last 2 "stages" but toned down or more manageable.
some days im more depressed or anxious but it usually is a equal mix.
happy- so this one is weird i feel happy.
like a normal person, sometimes during this "stage" i have days when i'm anxious or depressed but there usually is a cause for me feeling like that.
this comes once in a blue moon, normally last only 2 weeks.
so in conclusion i am a confused mess.
sorry this was so long and didn't make sense.
i’ve been suffering from depression for about 2 years already.
we’ve been seeing a psychiatrist and i am on medication.
my wife has been doing her best really trying to support and care for me mentally and emotionally.
but right now we both realize that she isn’t really the person who can provide the daily support i need — when i break down she also breaks down.
when i am anxious she becomes anxious too and just disconnects and keeps me at distance.
we both know this is not her fault.
its just that emotionally and mentally she can’t handle or care for me.
right now i am just dealing with that thought that your significant other isn’t someone you can depend on when you are in need.
i also don’t know who to ask to help me day to day when i feel depressed and anxious — its really is just the two of us.
while am writing this am depressed i feel sad and emotionally empty i feel anxious while going to work and every time i think of past i just want to cry and the sad thing i can’t tell anyone about it i pretend like nothing is wrong and i’m not going down hill and the reality is i’m not ok so i’m here and everyone can see that but i’m not available because of my depression i hope i can wake up with a smile
just moved back home due to not being able to pay rent... gotta call my insurance tomorrow and tell them i can't pay my payment on time.
i just got a raise which is gonna help alot but it doesn't matter as im not paid for another 10 days and i'm not sure if i can afford gas.
just tired of always being broke but can't learn how to have money.
it makes me feel like a fucking failure.
i'm always falling behind
lately i’ve been thinking a lot about what the point of life is, and why our society is how it is.
i want to just get away from school and expectations and just run away and explore.
i want to just be happy.
it all just seems so unnecessary, going to college, getting a job and working to live.
but why, it just seems so pointless, i want there to be a meaning to my life more than i work to get money which i use to feed myself and pay for my apartment.
i don’t really have a question or anything i’m just venting.
i felt like a man trapped in a bear trap.
i sounded like one, certainly.
i have been working with a therapist since september of 2019, although she's known me off and on since ~march of 2018. so, in other words, we've been dealing with the same shit for three years.
and i do mean "the same shit," because the problems i faced in 2018 are the same problems i'm facing today.
for the past 14 months, due to the covid-19 pandemic, we've been forced to talk over the phone.
i hate talking to her over the phone – not because of anything she did, but because it just doesn't feel right.
i also worry about my neighbors.
i don't have soundproofing in my office like therapists do in theirs.
today, it happened.
i screamed at her.
she keeps saying over and over again that she doesn't want me to die, that i have things to live for, etc., etc.
and i screamed: "then fucking help me!
"i didn't want to scream at her, but i'm so tired all the time.
i told her that nothing made me happy anymore.
everything i do to make myself feel better is just a distraction, something to kill time.
conventional therapy hasn't worked (therapists are trained to treat road rash, not perform open-heart surgery), antidepressants don't work (the doses are never strong enough), and trying to get support through friends and family doesn't work (the main thing driving my mental illness is isolation).
my therapist said she didn't know what to tell me.
i've struggled with suicidal ideation off and on for years.
it's because people have given up on me.
now even the professionals have.
:(
some days i just wish i never wake up
trigger warning!
does anyone ever feel like the reason they don’t fit in, is because they were supposed to have already killed themselves but didn’t....
do you guys have any tips for which hospital has the best care for somebody going through a difficult mental crisis?
i'm scared of quitting my job but i can't fucking do it anymore
i have no real plan to commit, but typically an hour after i take my antidepressant i have bad anxiety and wish to die.
but my natural survivor instinct won’t allow it, and the guilt from leaving my boyfriend behind me would be worse than anything i feel now.
so instead of committing i commit into this fantasy that i am about to commit the act, and i write out a suicide addressed to him and just cry for a while.
why am i doing this?
i don’t want to keep doing this, am i in love with putting myself through pain?
i hate myself more and more each day.
i don’t want to live anymore.
i just want to die.
i am in constant agony and suffering.
i hate waking up.
every second of everyday i can’t stop thinking about how to kill myself.
i don’t want to live anymore.
i just want to run and jump off a bridge.
i feel so hopeless and restless.
i feel like i’m suffocating.
i can’t breathe.
i feel like a fish being taken out of water.
every day is a battle and i’m losing.
i don’t have the strength to keep going.
i seriously wish i had never been born at all.
god please help me.
i'm sad and lonely, i don't have friends that really like me as who i am, i don't have a partner that really loves me as who i am, i see people loving each other every day and always think to myself "am i ever going to meet someone and be in love with him as much as these two?"
i know you're probably thinking of course!
there's someone for everyone, but that's not true, i hate it when people tell me that because it's false hope to a never ending cycle of waiting for that special someone, if someone ever going to love me it's going to be petty love and i wish to god that i never be the subject of that.
but today is a special day because someone offered me coffee, such a simple offer made my year, that just shows how much i ruined my life by hating myself, i don't hate myself for looks or such things, although i'm ugly this is the least of my concerns consedring today's standards, i hate myself because i don't appreciate the amazing life i have, i only think about it when i'm in the shower and say to myself "why can't you be happy?!
you have a home, amazing food, perfect bed, some people would kill for that yet you still aren't happy" and that is mostly the moment i pick up the knife and cut myself till i feel the pain then stop at the last second because i'i'm too much of a coward, so if you read my post till this point i would probably say thank you since such attention to my problems is appreciated, here's another story.
i would consider myself a virgin if i don't count my rapist who took that away from me as well, but i honestly prefer virginity because sex brings problems 90% of the time, either killing, raping, molesting, cheating etc... that's why i really hate sex, but today i heard someone in school telling his friends how he lost his virginity yesterday and it sounded weirdly wholesome how he was so happy about it, that was the only time i actually looked at sex from a positive view.
honestly this feels so good writing what i think, i should do it often, thanks for reading whoever you are, i'm just a kid but i can't stop thinking how crazy technology is, you don't know me you don't know where i am and likwise, i feel like a grandpa who just tried the internet lol
i'm currently on 20 mg of lexapro but i want to stop taking it.
what alternatives are there that i can use?
not sure if it’s cuz monday blues or what, but feeling down all day long.
i noticed i feel this way when i’m at work.
then o read an article on what to do if not happy at your job... the author went on and said maybe it’s not them it’s you.
fawk!
that wasn’t what i was hoping for.
but that got me thinking what if she’s right?
what if i’ve been the weakest link to my own happiness in my career?
i don’t know where to begin or where it will end.
my mind was stuck in a boot loop and wonder why why why.
then i heard a friend post about losing another friend that died suddenly in his sleep.
he was early 50s.
while i was sad to hear that, but at the same time i’m wondering maybe it’s better now he doesn’t have to suffer living anymore.
maybe grass is greener on the other side where the light at the end of the tunnel is waiting.
then i thought about those ppl jumping in front of train in japan or jumping off of a building, i wonder what was going through their mind?
while falling to their death ahead, did they even have a sudden clarity to what eating them inside and have a oh shit moment and regret jumping?
but then i thought of those ppl that got pushed out of the window from burning building in the twin tower during 911 bombing... they didn’t wanna go, but they got pushed out... i can’t imagine what they would be thinking of their loved ones.
then i cried and felt my heart sank and broke into millions of pieces.. why humanity have to be this way?
blm, covid, asian hate crimes, jus to name a few shitty things ppl do to each other not including shit happens in daily work life.
maybe gras is greener on the other side so they don’t ever have to deal with this kinds of shit again... maybe it was a blessing in disguise rather than a oh shit moment or a pause in time.
is what ignorant skinny people say between trying to balance the messages of the 25 people hitting them up.
(i know i'm exaggerating) but i'm not exaggerating when i say big people have it way worse.
i could set my phone down for 3 weeks and as long as i show up to work, i'd come back to no notifications.
why?
because no one wants me.
never have and never will.
so complain about being bullied skinny people... but at least people still give you the time of day..
almost 14 years ago i was originally diagnosed with depression.
6 years ago i was infected with lyme disease.
two "lifestyles" that can't be understood unless experienced.
almost a year and a half ago, just before the pandemic hit, i was forced to stop working due to another lyme episode (\~20% of infected are lucky enough to have a life long friend in lyme).
it's destroyed my body and is chipping away at my mind.
i feel no true worth.
i am in pain from the moment i wake, until i'm exhausted enough to fall asleep.
it all feels like it weighs so much and is crushing me out of existence, and my body is so tired from fighting, and my mind is actively working against me.
i've lost touch with the friends that i considered life long because of the combination of depression and lyme.
i just want peace.
i'm 22 and i've never lived on my own.
i've been living at home while going to college because honestly my family can't support me financially while going to school.
not to mention how hard it is to live on my own living with major depression and going through grueling depression episodes and suicidal episodes.
sometimes when i see those college "glow-ups" of people's before college and after and talking about how much they found themselves in college i feel like i'm missing out.
i can't help but wonder how different i would be if i didn't live at home.
i can't help but wonder how much i would of changed.
sure i've met new people, joined clubs, had an internship this past semester and have decent grades.
but i still can't shake this feeling of i'm not doing enough.
or how i feel sometimes socially stunted because i don't feel comfortable bringing friends or hook-ups home.
i feel so embarassed telling my friends i live at home.
im tired of being tired.
i’m tired of feeling lonely when i’m not.
i’m tired of crying my self to sleep.
i’m tired of the people that love me the most are the ones that hurt me the most.
i’m tired of feeling this way.
i’m tired that one person that can makes my life better just makes it worst.
im tired of all this feelings going through my head.
and i swear to god that i’m so close to just turn that switch off and not feeling anything anymore.
i’m not gonna care.
for some reason a months ago i was severely depressed.
it stayed that way for awhile then i stop feeling depressed when april hits.
i felt happy and i'm confused ?
did my depression go away?
i stop blaming and bullying myself for the mistakes i make (and i stop wanting to die).
so did my depression went away?
did this happened to you guys?
hello so i have a friend of mine who i’ve known since freshman year of high school and recently she’s been doing this  thing where she texts me and talks about how suicidal she’s feeling and whatnot and then disappears on me for a few days, i have extreme anxiety and can’t sleep sometimes due to worrying about it and she knows this and when a few days pass and she replies to me i try to give her words of encouragement and she almost acts annoyed with me?
i also have been dealing with extreme depression lately too and it seems like she never checks up on me yet constantly wants me to check up on her but it almost feels like she’s neglecting my feelings &amp; mental health and to add to the situation she recently moved a state away and i don’t know her house location or her roommates contact info so if she ever did anything to hurt herself i’d be virtually useless and would feel extremely guilty and she doesn’t even take that into account.. just i just wanted to reach out to see if anybody has had any similar things happen to them and what was the resolve.
and i feel guilty that my parents have no idea i’m going to do it soon
i better not fucking wake up tomorrowi can’t handle it anymore
i'm not sure if posting links to such articles is not allowed on this subreddit but i found the interactive guide useful:
i'm 14 and i've depressed since the 5th grade.
i haven't been diagnosed but my family knows about it and there supportive ( my mom doesn't want to me to get diagnosed yet because she doesn't want me to identify with it, get prescriptions, and be dependent on them since i'm still young she want use to try and cure it naturally first).
i can have very bad suicidal thoughts during theses depression "episodes" i know that's not want it calls but it goes and comes i don't believe i have bpd but i have a cycle of 3 moods that i go through all the time.
(1) a spring of optimism and ambition and excitement that that lasts for like 3 days.
(2)i have bad depression that may not even last up to a week than sometimes can probably last a week and a half's at most depending on if someone triggers the first mood early or how much the depression trigger affected me.
(3)but i have this mood that happens in the middle where i feel dull and lost im not excited anymore i'm not badly depressed i think but at the same time i think it can still be a part of my depression my emotions are more sensitive in this mood and i'm not happy i find every excuse to be depressed it's like i looking to feel something.
i'm not sure if it's true but i feel like i want to be depressed because it gives me something to identify with; i think... i'm just trying to make sense of it and btw when i'm in a depressed "episode" i hate it i want the episode to end!!
like it can so bad i get suicidal but i tend to completely forget all of that when i'm in the dull mood craving depression.
i just want to know if anyone else starts to crave the feeling of depression    (i hope this make a seance it was very hard to try and put into words)that's it and please don't say "go talk to you parents about it" because i wanted to see if people who can better relate with me can also understand this feeling or could try and give me an answer to it ( i came to ask you strangers for a reason)
and i dont want to die but i feel so stuck and no one can help me i'm so scared i dont want to go on but too many people want me to live but i would do anything to escape i want to get high again so much but it's been so long since i relapsed i'm just so alone and no one understands and the people that do dont want to listen i'm in so much pain i physically feel like shit.
i want to die i just wish no one ever knew i existed i wish i wasnt so fucking stupid and i wish i was never born, it was fucked up i was ever made, all my life i've suffered over and over and i can't get anything right all i want to do is grab a gun and end it all but i cant because other people love me but i cant talk to them, i'm suffering so fuvking much and i cant reach out i cant breath.
i'm sorry it didnt work out with me and kass.
i wish i wouldve stayed in college.
i love my mom and dad and i wish i was a better son to them, i'm so sorry for my brother, i wish i could always watch over you, i'm sorry to all my friends, and i'm sorry for not reaching out it was hard to do in my family.
i wont do anything stupid, i just want someone to find my account and read this if anything does happen.
i cant go on like this, i want someone to want to be my friend, i want someone i can hold and trust and love, i dont know why but the thlught of being held by someone makes me hurt.
i dont know why i'm telling this here but i just dont know how much more loneliness i can take before i relapse or die, i'm so sorry i'm very sorry but it's all too much.
i'll be ok.
thank you for listening.
u don't have to reply i'll be fine, i'm just deeply hurt by my choices, the people i've lost and the people i love, i'm sorry that kass couldn't help me or christian or morgan or nat or anyone else, but i'm really sad that i cant be free and that i'm gonna be forced to be like my parents bitter and abusive and i dont wan to be a disgusting himan being like them, i'm turning into them and no one loves me anymore and now i'm gonna be like them
no matter what i do i feel like i can’t do anything right and i’m always alone.
i have friends and we go out yet i always feel like the odd man out.
i feel broke.
genuinely don’t no how much more i can go feeling like this.
had a breakdown the other day.
my mum saw that i was visibly upset so came into my room to check.
the more she prodded the closer i came to tears.
i ended up just sobbing on her shoulder, like really really crying in a way i never have.
weight off my shoulders.
did have another cry today but i’m starting to tell people when i’m feeling like shit and it’s really helping.
usually never cry, don’t know what my body is trying to tell me but i feel so sad right now.
anyone want to chat about how they’re doing?
can we talk about the serve memory loss that can come with depression.
the days all melt together.
i don’t remember much at all about my life, it’s like im not living iti forget so much, i forget what i ate today.
i forget things people tell me minutes after, especially in arguments i kinda just shut down and don’t remember the words shared.
i forget to do things minutes after i am told to.
i cant remember shit from my childhood or teenage years really.
when i think back on my experiences, i have to think so hard to even remember.
nothing feels like it actually happened.
i don’t feel like i’m the one living my life.
i have so little memories to show for all the years i’ve spend alive.
nothing feels like me, nothing feel real
for two years i’ve been actively pursuing better employment, namely financially.
i had finally found one, but to continue i had to teach myself vba in a few days.
i wholeheartedly did everything i could in those two days, i learned so much.
then the project came, and i failed.
now, tonight i go back to my dead end job as i have been, with no upside or brighter day to look forward to.
i hate this.
a small part of me just knew nothing good was going to happen.
underemployment is truly my destiny.
so i'm an overweight introverted mess, and honestly my life doesn't mean very much.
i have no work ethic; i'm a lazy pos.
but i can't make myself better because it feels like if i did that, then everyone who tells me "i'll get better, just wait until i'm older" would win, and that i was wrong all along.
i don't know.
my self-worth is so low that i honestly don't feel like putting in the time to improve myself, i just wish i didn't have to deal with it.
but recently, i got a girlfriend for the first time in a few years.
we're currently working on a long distance relationship, and it's hard.
we're trying to find the right balance between paying attention to each other and annoying each other by being too needy.
and thinking back on it; i shouldn't have done it.
these last few days of her and me talking have been the happiest i've been in years, but it's not going to work out.
i know this is wrong, but i keep telling myself that if i just try and live every day the same and not expect anything for myself, then i can't be let down, which i do not have the emotional health for... but now that we're doing this, she's going to find out eventually about how terrible i really am inside, which is inevitable, or i'll do something that exposes myself.
i don't know what to do.
i want to keep dating her; but i don't think i deserve her.
i'm never going to be better, i don't have the energy or hope to make myself better.
i'm just slowly deteriorating until she decides that i'm not worth it anymore, and then it will hurt worse because i got myself attached.
i don't know what to do.
i really want the best for her but i'm selfish and want to keep dating her, i don't understand anything anymoreplease someone give me some advice
yes, i know it will.
but there will be more moments like this again.
when does it stop?
will i just keep feeling like this over and over and over and over again?
and thats life?
thats what i'm supposed to be so jazzed about?
sure, that quote helps me mid-panic.
but damn if every 'afterwards' i dont think about how many more of these i have to go through in order to get into heaven.
its like some sort of sick prerequisite that only a certain number of us have to accomplish to get in.
 yea, not even things i like before or i want to do in \~2-3 years.
think this is it, just eat, sleep (18+ hours) and watch youtube.
meh.
i had a real depressive-anxious mental breakdown today, complete with multiple panic attacks and threats to leave my family because of the overwhelming stress of raising two small children and a man-child all while dealing with mental illness.
i'm resting and trying to get back to some kind of normalcy now, but still struggling (alone.
husband is at work).
i have a therapy appointment tomorrow to sort through things.
i understand i have personal things to work though, but i feel i should have some support and relief given by my husband instead of him adding to my stress.
this morning, i left the house during a bad panic attack.
when i got home, he had eaten the lunch i had saved for myself - brought home for myself, told him i was eating it later - he still ate it.
that small gesture made me feel so disregarded and overlooked, especially in my known fragile mental state.
left again, later, and came home to an empty house, but a lit candle left out.
the irresponsibility and lack of attention are what give me stress to begin with.
that little reminder sent me over the edge again.
i've been crying all day due to the culmination of poor communication, lack of attention and consideration, and feeling like i have to do everything myself or literally beg for things to be done.
i am so broken.
i want to leave.
i have to explain and explain and beg and beg for the things i need.
but i am also terrified of being able to handle adulthood by myself.
how do you know when you're done in a relationship when there's no major stop signs like cheating or abuse?
first of all, how are you doing guys, i hope you doing great.
i just need a little assistance, i have a girlfriend who has severe depression, is there any way it can be cured?
i will try my best to make her happy and give her the things she needed the most right now.
i just wanna see her mentally and physically happy and healthy.
if there is anything that can cure depression, i am willing to do for her, even if it means walking 100 miles barefoot.
she is going through a lot.
i hate tears in her eyes, but it didn't mean i am tired of her crying, no, not at all she can cry her whole life over my shoulder and i will always be there to give her love and support.
it makes me sad seeing the person i really love the most is sad.
so guys, if you have any idea how can i cure her depression please let me know
i’ve been asking myself this question for many years now.
i never succeeded academically, professionally, or in any manner that you could think of.
i’m awful at everything i have ever tried.
everyone always ignores me, even in group texts.
i don’t even have parents who love me.
the man who adopted me did so for monetary reasons.
i grew up wearing the same clothes from 6th to 11th grade.
i have never recovered from that emotionally.
i was predestined to be a talentless, socially awkward, loser.
i wish i didn’t have to participate anymore.
i exist just to fail.
people say keep grinding until you win.
i have grinded to dust.
never achieving anything at all.
hi so i'm very depressed i have been for a very long time my life has not been going good and i don't know what to do with myself i feel like i have no escape and that i have no one to talk to and i feel like i have nothing to live for anymore i wish i had friends, i wish i wasn't so hated i wish that people liked me .
okay so i’m typing this while wasted but i think when i’m sober i refuse to let myself live and enjoy life but as soon as i’m drunk and my mind and body are numb to pain and relentless insanity it’s kind of like i’m  savouring every ounce of enjoyment i reap from life.
i don’t care about anyone or anything except for what i want to do in this moment right now.
i know when i wake up tomorrow i’m going to be hungover as fuck regret this post and go back to being a depressed miserable fuck lowering myself for no fucking reason into the ground while everyone else around me succeeds and that is why i drink.
i mean, i’m not an alcoholic as i’m 22 and drink like 5 beers a year but damn the relief from life i get is pretty fucking amazing.
ik it’s a weird title for this subreddit but i’m tired.
my social anxiety is at an all time high.
my life is in shambles and i’m paranoid 24/7.
idk where else to ask for help but i’m asking one last time for a sign to live.
if not then i don’t see my self putting up with this misery
i wish there was some way i could stop existing but at the same time have somebody completely replace me so my family doesn’t miss me or feel any pain from me not existing anymore.
maybe one day it’ll exist but until then i’m stuck here.
i don’t have anybody i can talk to about this shit so figured i’d share it here.
sorry for the lazy title.
love y’all.
i just landed my dream job.
a remote programming job that allows me to make my own hours for decent pay.
i feel so selfish and ungrateful but i hate it.
i just absolutely hate the idea of working.
i'm miserable the whole time and dread the start of every work day.
i feel like im wasting my time working.
anyone else?
hi guys, i just overcome depression a couple of months ago, than i found this girl on reddit, she had no bad attitude and she was nice to talk to.
but suddenly she started ignoring me, when i asked what's the matter?
she said some mean thing and idk maybe blocked me.
i don't have good experience with girls.
every time someone do these kinds of things, freshens the old memories.
now  it's kind of driving me to depression again.
making me doubt about my personality again.
what should i do to prevent this?
i'm sick and tired of trying to make other people happy, to no avail.
i want to make myself happy for a change, is that too much to ask?
everything i do gets messed up or i fuck it up somehow.
i'm a working loser who has no life experiences and i and other people always suffer because of it.
i'm done trying to make others happy, only to have it backfire and make them disappointed or angry with me.
i dont know how long i can keep this up.
i'm thinking about giving up: just disappearing from society.
i dream about disappearing from society on the daily.
its do-able: just read an article about a woman who was labelled as missing, only to find her living in a tent in the wilderness for 5 months.
that's another thing i want to discuss: when someone wants and does disappear off of the map, everyone points to mental illness.
while that maybe true in some cases, not all cases are like that.
i remember reading the comment section of the post of the missing woman, and a lot of people said things like "why didn't she tell someone?"
well duh, she wanted to escape from society: why would she tell anyone that she was going off the map?
if she did that, certain people would probably put her in a psych ward or worse.
if one were to escape from society, they'd have to take risks: for example, cutting contact with loved ones, finding suitable places to sleep, what setting (town, city, etc) to reside in either temporarily or permanently, and if temporarily, what steps to take next.
they also have to worry about food: either buy cheap food and cook it, or if they have the necessary skills, live off the land (if they chose to reside in a wooded area).
also, they need to think about what supplies they need to carry with them: the essentials: some clothes, a backpack or a duffle bag to carry their stuff in, a water purifier (if needed), and some other things that i cant think of on top of my head.
also, their financial situation: how much money they have, how much money they can save up and how much it will cost for food and the necessities in order to survive.
i should know about getting off the map, i actually had a plan to go off the grid while i was in high school, because i was having that bad of a time with my life in society: still am.
me and a friend were having a really tough time with our lives, and we hatched a plan to go to the city, then take the train or bus to wherever we wanted.
it was all planned out: every last detail was covered.
but, things changed and we never went through with it.
my friend was happy that we didnt go through with it, but now as i look at my life currently, i kind of wished i did go through with it.
maybe we were too scared of the possible outcomes, but at least my friend is doing better.
i'm happy for him.
but again, my life isn't doing so good, and going off the map seems like a possible out.
i'm sure a lot of other people feel this way.
maybe it was because family problems give me a lot of stress and anxiety, and are a large part of why i've been depressed for 10+ years.
until a couple months ago i always felt like this is temporary, that i can improve.
nothing's changed, but now i feel that depressed is just who i am.
that there are some people who will never be happy and i am one of them.
i feel like my parents ingrained in me very strongly that family and taking care of each other is the most important thing, but my family has been completely broken and dysfunctional, with no hope, for more than 5 years ... so to me, it seems like i would have to be crazy to \not\ be depressed.
but i don’t because i’m a loser so fuck me.
i foul up everything.
everything.
don’t tell me things get better.
i’ve heard that for 20 years.
i only know that i’m a joke and a failure and a disappointment, that every time i even bother trying to communicate i only end up embarrassing myself just as i am doing so now.
my therapist just informed me she’s planning to retire in august.
she’s apparently been considering it for the past year and her husband is pretty sick which is extremely sad.
i haven’t made amazing progress with her but it’s at least been one constant in my life for the past 4-5 years.
i know it’s the right decision and don’t blame her as she’s older and wants to be available to her family, but it’s still difficult having to start over with someone new.
it’s easy to forget that the person trying to help you has their own challenges.
i appreciate all the time she’s spent with me and hope i can find someone else but change is always hard especially at a time where isolation is much more amplified.
sometimes i wish my family understood what it feels like to have depression.
for me, it feels like overwhelming self hatred, desperation, and complete and utter sorrow.
but growing up i was always told that i was just a “miserable person”.
that everyone felt the way i did, but i was selfish because i let it affect the way i acted.
in middle school i asked to go to a therapist  because i felt so incredibly sad and angry, not to mention the crippling anxiety.
my dad walked into the therapist’s office and first said “if we didn’t have lots of extra income to spend on a therapist, we wouldn’t even be here.
if we were any other normal family, we wouldn’t let her come.”as if i wasn’t worthy of therapy and i was lucky that he paid because it was so pointless for me.
now i’m home from college and things are the exact same.
only this time i thought i could confide in my boyfriend, but every time i try he says “what do you want me to do?
i can’t do anything.” what do i say to that?
can anyone relate?
i am slow or fail at almost everything and sometimes being envious of more intelligent people is making me crazy though it is always quickly replaced by thoughts about how for each intelligent person with a perfect life there are of course 1000000000 other people whose life is just a chain of misfortune so it is not even legitimate to dream about.
hope i cheered up your day.
i have been depressed for about 10 weeks and am getting help via a gp.
i have been put on zoloft (got off it because it made me feel like a zombie) and lexapro (starting to feel somewhat better).
the reason for all of this is because of my job.
for the past 18 months, i have been at this toxic place trying to make the best of it.
i started getting injured (started with a tennis elbow) and then it became bad when the panic attacks came.
this is a distribution center where you have to learn all departments in case they want to cattle you off to another place where they are busy.
there has been little to no training in these areas, and when you go to a supervisor for help, they treat you like garbage.
my production rate started taking a hit in these areas and i had to deal with being written up.
my immediate supervisors could give a crap about us...all they want is their crap going out the door.
their favorites would cheat on their production and nothing was done about it.
i started seeing more and more things of that nature.
it all came to a head one day when i had to work mandatory ot.
i was sick to my stomach because of nerves and crying so hard, i was shaking.
i hid in a seldom used area and cried my eyes out...i was having a bad panic attack.
i told my manager i was leaving because of stomach issues and went home.
i stayed in my bed for three days, not eating or drinking...but sleeping and crying.
i called to make an appointment with my doctor.
i fell apart in her office.
i had thoughts of dying (not suicide) because i didn't want to deal with my life like this.
i was diagnosed with clinical depression, panic disorder and anxiety.
i was put out of work for 2.5 weeks to get used to my medication.
when i went back to work, my supervisor started off being supportive.
they worked with me and made me feel ok about being back.
i was told they would not put me anywhere that would be difficult for me to perform my job.
as time went on, they started not caring and made me feel as though i was being a whiner, a liar and a crybaby.
last thursday, i was made to go into a part of our area we call "the mod" where we separate goods from picked totes and send them off to stores, via transecures.
it is an area that is really hard on your body to begin with.
it is very fast paced and hard on your back.
i begged to not be put in there because of my medication making me slow, plus i was in severe pain due to my depression.
they told me to "just do the best i can".
i cried my eyes out and pleaded to them, but they would not hear me.
i went in there, slow as crap...hurting...crying and mad.
i was mad because they disregarded me and my condition and treated me like they didn't care...which they don't.
i took that friday off.
i spent the weekend trying to convince myself to go back.
every time i would think about it, i knew it would not get better.
i would still be fighting with my supervisors and it would cause me to go home and do a downward spiral.
so, i quit.
it was not a rash decision.
i have been trying to hang on for as long as i can to this job because i need to work and pay my bills.
i do not have a job lined up, but i do have some money saved up to pay bills for the next few months.
i am still scared about doing this but it beats my mental health taking a whack every day of my life.
i don't know what the future holds...but i hope i find my way.
&amp;#x200b;thanks for reading.
i used to be fucking happy i was a good student i had friends now i feel alone stuck in a dead end job to live in a shitty apartment with no way out i was supposed to go out with friends and all i do is sit down and wish i was a kid again coming home form an easy school day watching sky and other minecraft....now all i do is sit looking at the past and sleep i already have one attempt  to off myself but i didn't want to break my dads heart does this get any better??
in a long enough timeline we all end as all things and all beings do.
in the meantime i have found myself in a cycle where the joy of existence is ending.
i'm not asking for help, pity or support.
this is just a catharsis, a means to get things off my chest.
i'm just curious, are there other people who find themselves with all semblance of joy is running out?
are the things that once made us smile, giggle and express joy not doing it for us?
i feel like a heroin addict but in reverse, good things no longer make me feel good.
sad things are funny and it's getting harder to smile, laugh or feel any positive emotions.
maybe i'm just rambling just waiting for the nyquil to kick in but i am curious to see what will happen when the joy and happiness is sucked out of me.
(does anyone else find it darkly funny that when you write a post in this reddit the header reads "submit to depression"?)
i’ve dealt with some form of depression since my early 20s.
i’m now heading towards my mid 30s.
it’s always manifested itself in different ways.
in my early 20s it was addiction and withdrawal, in my late 20s severe anxiety, and now it seems to be immense fatigue and lack of any motivation.
i started taking medication several years ago when i was so socially anxious i couldn’t do anything - not even eat - and would sometimes tear up if anyone talked to me at work.
it certainly helped me get out of that spot.
but it’s come back at me again in this new form and i’m just so very disappointed..it didn’t come out of nowhere unfortunately an has been building for some time.
about four years ago i was feeling as if i was back on track, i had left my dead-end job, i was fit enough that i ran an ultramarathon, i was socially engaged.
then my parents separated.
this is traumatic at any age; you’d think it’d be easier at 30 but i’d argue it’s much much worse.
the roles change.
there’s very little consideration for what you’re going through as there is for when a child or teenager is involved.
your parents become like children.
you are relied on for things you never thought you’d have to do.
i had recently become employed at a new job.
it wasn’t a great job and i didn’t particularly like it but it was a job that challenged me in ways i needed to be challenged and i was having a lot of success at it largely due to having significantly overcome my depression and anxiety.
as mentioned i was asocially engaged, both with my colleagues and friends outside work.
i had joined a running club and i was the fittest i've ever been in my life.
due to the nature of the separation my mother had a complete psychological breakdown and was institutionalised more than once.
i became familiar with the local police and ambulance officers due to contacting them so much, had to physically restrain her a few times, was attacked physically and verbally, spent many an evening in hospital waiting rooms.
it took over my life.
i had to quit my job.
my role became psychologist and carer for my mother while i took on all the roles of disassembling my parents’ life; finishing the home renovations they had in progress, selling the family home, packing up their things, finding a border to help with bills and duties, finding my mother a temporary place to live etc.
while i have a sister she lives overseas, my mother is estranged from her two siblings, my father cut off all support from his side of the family, i ate through all my savings and went into debt maintaining my own mortgage and other bills.
i was fortunate that during this time i took on some freelance writing and design work as well as some house painting and received an unexpectedly generous insurance payout related to earthquake damage to my apartment.
i used some of this to buy a cheap car so i could live between my own place and the various places my mother was staying including, at times, the hospital psyche ward.
anyway this went on for about a year before the family home was sold, i had got myself another job, and helped my mother find both a job and a new house.
things were still fragile and settlement negotiations had not quite been finalised due to some idiocy and stubbornness from both sides - my mother made a number of suicide attempts and revisited the psyche ward more than once – but all in all i was able to have something of a life for myself.
as time has gone on things have been very gradually getting better.
which brings me to my current source of disappointment.
at the end of last year i decided the time was right to challenge myself in a positive way.
i was enjoying my job but wanting to develop and i figured it would be a good idea to seek a postgraduate qualification to further my career.
i signed up to study part time for a postgraduate certificate.
essentially nothing has really gone all that well with it.
the day before it began i got severely ill so much so that i could only zoom in to the two day-long lectures as i lay in bed feeling like i was dying.
i recovered to a certain extent but haven’t really felt like i have recovered until just a couple of weeks ago.
it left me with incredible fatigue.
while i was reading and studying and trying to engage with the courses my time and energy was being taken up by work and my mother who has decided that despite owning two mortgage-free properties she is so concerned about money she needed to vacate her home, rent it out, and live in a caravan she inexplicably bought about a year ago during a manic episode.
when i was fortunate enough to get some time for assignments i found i had zero motivation.
i couldn’t make anything mean anything.
i have struggled on with the naïve belief that i could pull a rabbit; just sit down and focus and somehow get through it.
the last two weeks have unfortunately been my downfall.
just yesterday i had to admit to myself that i made a mistake signing up for this course; that i’m not ready for it after the drama of the last few years, that my depression, while pushed to the background somewhat by medication and business, was still preventing me from accomplishing what i felt i could.
while i haven’t yet i intend to contact the course coordinators to apologise and bow out.
i realised quickly how much depression had been impacting my life over the last six months.
how much energy i had been drained of by just… existing.
i realised the limit of my current state; that i was fortunate enough to be functional enough to perform at work and survive at home but that was about the extent of my ability.
like my place is a mess and my health at the moment is terrible and i’m not socialising at all.
the medication and a few tricks i have been using keeps the black dog from attacking but it’s been there and it’s been making itself known.
it's fucking disappointing though.
and i guess i’m writing this all down because i’m just really upset with myself and i’m trying to make sense of it.
i don’t know whether to be angry or embarrassed or… i’m just exhausted.
i want to just go to sleep, cut all contact with everyone, be left alone.
no amount of medicine i’ve ever been on, no amount of therapy, and no amount of classes has ever once been able to change me.
i just for the first time go out on meds for my depression/anxiety/ocd and despite taking well within the range of the medicine for my ocd symptoms i still have them.
i’ve taken many meds over the years some work.
it only fir a limited time.
how am i supposed to be optimistic about being normal when treatment just brings failure every time.
certainly there has to be a better way because i’m tired of being defeated
i work 25 hours per week.
my parents graciously continue to support me while i work on finishing an associate's degree in health information management.
the combination of taking classes and working the 25 hours last semester definitely put me at my limit - if i had been working full-time i don't think i would have done as well in my classes.
but now, i'm trying to move.
and the sad reality is, the cost of housing in my city has skyrocketed in the past year, and i can't ask my parents to support me forever and eventually i'm going to have to start paying for everything myself, which means i'm gonna have to go full-time.
i dread it.
so much.
it's partly the job - i work in a scheduling call center.
most of my days consist of being grouched at about things that are out of my control, and aside from that it's just mind-numbing, tedious work.
my managers are actually really great, the pay and benefits are pretty good.
it's perfect in every way except that it's mentally and emotionally exhausting.
the idea of trying to do this for 40 hours a week makes me want to cry.
sure, maybe i could look for another job - and i plan to, once i have my degree/certification - but even then, it's going to be a lot more of the same thing every day with just a couple days off in between and a few rare vacations and then i get old and die.
what's the point?
i miss having the time and energy to do things i enjoy.
i'm already so tired.
if this is what adult life is supposed to be then i don't understand how everyone doesn't just end it eventually.
i hate myself, so many opportunities wasted.
0 talent, why do i even try on the things i like when i have no aptitude for anything.
i swear lately things have been fucking passing me off i hate myself so fucking much.
i am so mad at so many things that i cant even let outa cry of anger anymore because i am so tired of being angry and unhappy.
i swear why can't i just be normal and be fucking sane.
i wish somebody else had my life because they would use it better and i wish i was a fucking homeless insane person because that is where i fucking belong.
i wish god would just take me in my sleep so i can go and rest i really feel empty and so fucking angry i just don't know what to do or feel anymore i am so tired and honestly ranting here wont make me feel better i think but i just wanted to say it somewhere.
stay strong brother/sisters i hope we all get to be happy and content with what we are and we have.
i feel so unfulfilled i’ve flunked high school got a job thinking it was going to help me meet people and open up but no.
it’s just work…….
i guess i feel sorry for myself that’s why i’m on here, every day passes i try to do my best with my family and give good memories i’m afraid of death and yet all i think about is death, my death our days are so short everything i do that i look forward of thinking that it will fill the void doesn’t.
hey so i'm suicidal and the only person i have in my life is my mom and she's been trying to help but i told her about my thoughts of suicide and first she was just afraid of me but now she just tells me not to feel that way and then gets upset and cries and screams bc she doesn't know what to say to me.
i get that she didn't want a child with mental health struggle but i'm trying to help her understand how to help me (even though i don't even know how to help me) but she just is not listening and i don't know what to do.
she's the only person i have in my life that i have to talk to but at this point she's just making me want to hurt myself even more.
what do i do?
i really don't know what to do.
i've also been trying to get a psychiatric prescriber for over a year now and no one will take me, and i'm kind of just losing all hope that anything is going to get better.
to preface this, i can confidently say im feeling much better, i’ve honed in on what makes me feel depressed and i’m working day and night to make it better.
i guess i was born with a healthy amount of self awareness, it makes things a bit easier for me in that sense, not to say everything is peachy 24/7, shit, i still have my days, but i’m getting better at controlling them.
but for me, when things were at their worst, i felt like i was born in a hole, a deep hole, while everyone else started at level ground.
i’d decide to start climbing and something would happen to put me deeper in the hole, so eventually, i just decided not to try climbing, but instead dig deeper.
so now, here i am, climbing from this pit.
from the outside, it doesn’t look like much is happening, but on the inside, slowly but surely, day by day, im digging up, getting closer to level ground, as i get closer to the top of the hole, things get easier, eventually, i’ll be on level ground and i can start building up from there.
that’s always been how depression has kind of felt for me, it’s different for everyone and everyone comes out of their hole in their own way.
hopefully everyone can make it out sooner rather than later.
i’m just.
so.
tired.
i don’t want to work anymore, study anymore, grow anymore.
i’m tired.
there’s no reward.
i didn’t choose to exist and i can’t handle the burden anymore.
i don’t have motivation to do anything.
i just want to lay down and stare at the tv for a year.
i’m tired of drinking, smoking, sex— even my distractions feel dull.
but none of it ever stops.
i have a lease, i have student loans.
i can’t stop but i don’t know how to make my mind keep going like this.
i've been struggling with depression as long as i can remember, through every year of my life i've struggled.
i've never truly known happiness and even when i would think i've found it, either i find a way to chase it away or i find something wrong with the situation and just let it eat at me.
i stay silent because i've been pretty much conditioned to feel my thoughts and feelings aren't important or are wrong.
recently got married and honestly don't know if it was a mistake or just me being optimistic for a brief moment thinking i had found someone or something that understood me.
recently (within the last 3 months) my partner has seemed to grow cold and extremely distant, i've tried to make things better but when i speak i usually end up making everything so much worse.
i kept myself closed off for my entire life and its so difficult to open up after never sharing with anyone.
my family knows nothing (minus the very little i have shared) my friends have become strangers and my spouse is beginning to go the same way.
after a few months of arguing constantly we had a really good night or at least i thought we did.
then today got home to an argument that i had no idea was happening.
of course my 1 night of not worrying or my single moment of relief was just a figment of my imagination and back to the normalcy of what i've know to be my entire life.
i really don't know why i'm posting because its not a question but honestly feels good to write something down.
i've contemplated suicide quite a bit but to be honest i really don't want to end my life.
i have a kid and he saved life long ago and couldn't possibly put him through that.
i just want this feeling of absolute worthlessness to go away and it never seems to let up.
i just turned 18.
(whoo hoo...) and i've been looking for a job since i dropped out of high school my sophomore year, so for a few years now.
but the thought of having to work with others and communicate with people is very overwhelming.
i know a large majority of jobs have you do exactly that but i really want to start working.
to help support my family through these times but i just can't.
i’m not sure what to do.
i feel my role in life is to play victim.
my life is nice &amp; comfortable.
i don’t have a lot of emotional support but i could also get a therapist.
i don’t have it bad.
yet my mental health is slipping away.
i know &amp; understand what tools will help, yet i can’t find the motivation to use them.
i don’t have the drive to help myself.
i only want to wallow &amp; hold myself.
i don’t wish to hurt myself, permanently.
but the thought of a freak accident, one that can take it all away, comforts me.
maybe a piece of space trash taking me out.
or possibly a car that lost control &amp; i didn’t have time to move.
in the rare times when i find the energy to help myself, all i can think of is how it’s not enough.
it’ll never be enough.
will i have to try this hard for the rest of my life?
have a great week &amp; then a horrible one for no reason?
will i forever experience this pain as i live longer than i deserve?
do i really have to stay medicated for the rest of my life in hopes it might get better?
i’m sorry for the rant &amp; of course no one has to respond.
i just figured i try &amp; figure out if others feel this exact way.
i also apologize for all the complaining.
i know it’s disgusting.
since april 7th  i had my father in law pass away, i had 2 mris, nerve block test done my back, seen numerous doctors and a psychiatrist.
the nerve block didn't work now i have to see a spine surgeon about my back after i already had 2 spine surgeries one was a fusion in 2018. the psychiatrist said there wasn't anything he could do.
i just had a video appointment with my hip surgeon today and my hip is messed up after i already had 2 hip surgeries and he doesn't think there is much he can do either.
the psychiatrist are unwilling or too ignorant to help.
the refusal to address problems and try different combinations of medications has only made thing harder.
sleeping problems along with pain and headaches don't help my mental health.
not getting help with those only worsens symptoms.
i have so many emotions, ruminations, anxiety, anger, and frustration right now.
it is so depressing to keep hearing there is nothing can be done or hearing how bad it is and you might just have learn to live with the pain.
the feeling of being helpless or the ability not to do something about it yourself will send your anxiety through the roof.
it seems like everyday i get more depressed and i feel the hope fleeting away.
growing up, i always have had this "deep thinker" and introverted personality even when i was a little kid, which was a telltale of my struggles in this world.
however, i lived an alright life up until i was in my mid-twenties, where i was in college, had close friends in the dorm whom i hung out with regularly, often multiple times a day (we studied together, went for coffee, went to the gym, etc together).
we hung out in the dorm hall each evening for quick chats as well in the evenings.
i also had my family nearby and visited them every other week.
i chated with my mom and dad, had tea afternoons together where we talked about everything and anything.
it all went downhill when i immigrated to a new country for my grad school and i knew absolutely no one here.
now 3 years in, i still have no friends here and it goes weeks and months when i don't talk with anyone excluding the service workers.
i also haven't visited my parents in 2 years because of covid.
i used to be a very hardworking person and had super big goals in life but i have no reason for doing anything anymore.
i push myself nonetheless but i have no reason for doing so and i am not productive at all.
i am also sad all the time no hobbles would replace the pain of loneliness.
i go to the gym regularly and also for walks at times which makes me feel better but solitary hobbies rarely make me feel better besides those.
i like to have friends to talk with, laugh with, and feel like a part of a group that cares about me.
that is what i want...
everyday is a struggle for me.
i have neglected my appearance.
i don’t have the strength in me to do even the basics of everyday hygiene.
i hate my life and i wish to no longer be alive.
everyday is filled with agony and remorse.
i hate myself and i hate the person i am.
i just want to die and for this terrible fever dream to end.
i don’t want to be alive anymore.
please god take me and end my suffering.
i can’t keep going on like this.
i almost snapped at work today.
some customer kept trying to talk over me trying to explain the situation.
and even when i was finally able to explain, she just repeated herself like she never even listened.
i almost shouted "shut the fuck up and listen to me!!!"
i didn't.
but i was very short with her anyways.
it doesn't help that my job is killing any emotional or mental health that i had built up prior to the pandemic.
i'm an empty shell of a person.
i don't fucking care what happens anymore.
i want to just quit.
or get fired.
or just yell at my supervisors.
i want to yell fuck you!
it might be bearable if i had anything else positive going for me in my life.
but i don't.
i have no friends because i'm a loser or i pushed them all away with my unbearable depression.
i have no life except my shitty job.
and even then, i don't actually see anybody.
i'm locked in my room because i'm a remote call center representative working from home... so my only human interaction is getting yelled at by customers or supervisors.
and since i can't keep friends.
i will never have an so.
mind you, i'm obese so no gay guy is going to want me anyways.
it's hard enough trying to figure out who's gay and who's not without also being looked at with disgust because of how fat you are.
you want body shaming?
go look into the gay community.
i would say it's worse there than anywhere else.
i have tried to change all these things.
i've applied to new jobs.
i've even gotten interviews.
but i'm always passed over for someone else.
i've tried to lose weight.
i have been trying since middle school.
exercising.
diets.
fasting.
pills.
personal trainers.
nothing works.
i'm still over 250lbs of fat.
i've tried dating.
but i've never had a second date.
apparently no one has liked me enough to warrant a second date.
i've tried social groups.
but i can't seem to make any friends in those either.
even when i'm feeling myself and being social.
i always end up excluded from conversations.
so, if you've read this far you know how much of a loser i really am.
sorry to have wasted your time.
i'm a waste of space and a waste of a soul.
fuck you life.
i hate you.
this is the third time i post that and i know that i will be probably getting ignored again but it's ok i'm so desperate i don't care how pathetic i look like.
i was always suffering from my mental health and i was always very harsh and neglectful with myself but the last six months i tortured and punished myself on a whole new level.
in november my country entered in strict lockdown again and since then i stopped exist as a person.
i don't know if this was a manic episode or something else i know that nobody could possibly suffers more than me.
i wouldn't wish even to my worst enemy to go through such a thing.
the last six months there is not a day i stay home eventhough i wanted so much.
everyday i walk for miles, i sit alone on dirty benches with only company stray dogs, i drink the same coffee which i hate it and then i stay every night until very late in my mom's car.
i have forgotten to eat like a normal person in my house because i eat the same crap food in the car everyday.
i barely bathe myself and i used to wear the same 4 5 clothes everyday.
my glasses have problem and i can't see well, my shoes are scratched, i have multiple problems with my back, sometimes i was sure i would fade out but i don't care.
every night is a living nightmare, i sweat constantly and go to the bathroom at least 30 times because i have irritable bowel and i keep neglect medical help.
i also suspect that i have a rare syndrome due to my extensive use of cortisol but again i don't do anything about it.
i don't know really why i treat myself this way.
i used to think that my ocd is responsible for all of these rituals because everytime i'm afraid that something bad is gonna happen if i don't do certain things but recently as lockdown stopped i was able to stop many of my rituals.
my family was always kind of dysfunctional but through  r/raisedbynarcissists and some articles i realized how much damaged they did to me and i truly believe that my cruel self punishment comes from here.
i can't believe how many months have passed and i'm still like that.
i didn't understand that  christmas or easter or my birthday have passed because everyday is the same.
i look my  books, my drawings and cry because i want so much to start over again.
i want to clean my room, my clothes, to spent a quiet evening with reading and music.
i want to write something, to sleep and take care of myself.
i want to be healthy again, stop eating crap food and not be obese anymore.
i have lost so many opportunities, some classes i wanted to attend, movies i wanted to watch, things i wanted to buy.
my life never was good but this sick situation is a whole new level.
i feel so tired.
my body hurts but my soul is totally damaged.
every night i spend 2 3 hours in balcony thinking to jumb.
i waste my time scrolling here reading other people's stories who feel proud of themselves over the tiniest achievements and i can't understand why i punish myself when i have prove in the past that i'm capable to handle very difficult situations.
why i have the need from others to tell me how strong i am?
i'm sorry for my rambling i know that nobody is gonna answer me either way, i just want to share my suffering because i don't have anyone to support me.
i can't find a way to start again my life i don't have energy anymore to try and i know that sooner or later i will end up worst.
i don't want to die but i can't find other solution.
i can't stand anymore the pain i feel when i know that my own mother who i used to believe that she loves me and cares about me she still judges me, neglect me and every moment she don't forget to remind me what a burden i'm and how much i tired her.
of course this is not excuse to become violent towards her but i still do it out of anger and i hit myself also many times.
it's such a shame because i really had dreams and ambitions but i'm tired being too nice with people and all i got all these years from everyone is rejection.
how to love yourself when literally everybody whole my life classmates, teachers, therapists, friends, parents, strangers treated me like a garbage and invalidated me?
the only good thing i can do for myself is to get rid of me as soon as possible.
ps.
the last two weeks things changed a lot and i had to adjust my toxic routine because lockdown was over.
i managed to stop some of my compulsions but i still can't find a way to help myself.
i go out with my mom for shopping, to a café etc.
and she pretents like nothing happened all these months.
i walked on the crowed streets and i feel lost, my social anxiety is getting out of control again and i feel suffocated.
i really wonder where this situation will lead me, i was sure that until now i would be dead or would stop this situation.
like all of the other “young widows” on the online group i belong to that wanted to remarry have found someone.
it’s been nearly three years and some of these women find someone months afterward.
and i am nowhere near to even having someone interested in me.
then my female non-widow friends will be like “it’s cause you have kids” but like so do most of the other widows in their 30s.
i keep telling my best friend how it’s so depressing that i’m like apparently unmatchable and she’s like just incapable of understanding.
i’m always the black sheep.
this place is pretty depressing
i feel so stupid.
i've been feeling extremely lonely and depressed as of late and was feeling desperate for a solution.
i live on my own in a tiny student flat.
i thought that getting a pet would solve my feelings of loneliness, but as my house is so small (it's a one room apartment) the only viable option seemed getting a hamster.
i was so excited.
for the first time in a long time i had something i was genuinely looking forward to.
i looked up everything one could know about hamsters.
the best cages, food, wheels, toys, bedding, etc.
how to care for them.
how to know if they're feeling happy.
of course i read that they're nocturnal creatures, but i imagined that the running in the hamster wheel at night would be soothing.
i'm a deep sleeper after all.
i was wrong.
i've had my hamster for three days now.
she's a month old and the cutest ball of floof i have ever seen.
i called her daisy.
she's a curious and energetic little thing and i love her very much.
but i just can't sleep anymore.
and i'm so stressed.
i thought getting a hamster would solve all my problems.
it's a ridiculous thought in hindsight, and i didn't realize i felt this way until now.
the truth is sadly that, as adorable as she is, daisy actually adds to it.
being unable to sleep severely impacts my already less than desired functioning.
i am so disappointed in myself.
i will have to give her away again after only having had her for such a short while.
i feel such guilt towards daisy.
she's such a sweet hamster and deserves a loving caring home, and i really thought i could give that to her.
i honestly thought i thought this through very well.
daisy doesn't deserve any of this.
what if i can't find her a home?
i have decided i will be moving in with my parents again for a while starting tomorrow.
i have been doing very badly lately and i feel like this is the straw that broke the camel's back.
i hope daisy will forgive me.
i really hate myself right now.
i'm feel so stupid for thinking this would be a good idea.
i work from home and am all happy and engaged when i'm talking to people.
the minute i close down and sit, everything feels empty and has no reason.
used to kill sometime with some tv shows and films earlier and all of those make no sense anymore.
is this how everyone else feels?
ok so just to clarify, i don't have like severe depression but like mines is like emotional numbness and anxiety and that forced stuff.
so back to the story, this friend was a funny bright person, he is a little racist but it wouldn't hurt anybody.
after i told my friends i was emotionally numb and was mildly depressed, he started telling everybody he was depressed.
when the teacher talks about something sad, he goes and compares it to depression straight away.
i don't want to confront him because he might be a depressed person who wasn't scared of showing his mental illnesses but i feel like he hurt a lot of depressed people by saying his "issues" were worse than everyones.
i feel like he craves attention and that stuff but i'm not sure.
it's really annoying when we're learning and he just changes the subject to talk to his depression.
it's really irritating how he acts like this.
oy peopletheres a thing about my mental health thats been bothering me: i get to what really seems like depression in a cycle than snap out of it and i'm neutral minded for a bit (which is a part of the cycle)this cycle thing started a long while ago (end of 2018).
what happens is i get into a really bad mood and snap out of it .
now the getting bad phase can be a while and sometimes it's bad but not crazy bad and i just feel like apathetic/tired/demotivated/nothing matters much anymore/stuff makes me less happy, and it gets progressively worse.
then at some point i reflect about life and my situation and get really hopeless/done/despaired/distressed and this possibly evolves into a mental breakdown.
then at some point i have a sudden perspective change about it being useless to wallow in sadness concerning my situation and that i should just keep moving forward and get better.
now when i say i snap out of it it's literally in an instant that i go from mental breakdown to calm/collected/objective/stoic/third person view.
at first it only happened on breakdowns but now it's been happening earlier, but most of all, much more often and much less effectively.
once i was with my gf and feeling real bad and i tried to volontarily do it and it freaked her out bc i went from really bad to absolutely neutral in a few seconds (was longer than usual).
it's really a neutral, not happy, not sad state afterwards just like, objective.
but the bad mood always ends up coming backi was wondering if this could be linked to my adhd, possible depression/dysthimia (which runs in my family), possible bipolar disorder, or if it's just a normal thing
i have spent the last 2 years or so in a bad mental state.
i never thought about telling anyone until i had a panic attack and could confirm that it was really, really bad.
it took me a lot of courage to finally try and reach out for help.
just some background info, my parents are kind of traditional and don't really believe in things like depression/anxiety.
i thought it would be different when i told them, because i was their daughter.
i was wrong.
they basically told me that i was lazy and was using depression as an excuse.
now my depression is even worse, and it sucks to know that nobody can help me.
since i'm a minor, it would be super difficult to do anything without parental permission.
can someone please try to help me out?
what should i do?
hi everyone, been struggling with depression for a few months now and only recently got help a month ago when things really went south.
i started meds (scary asfff) and therapy.
while i feel proud of myself for getting help/understanding i shouldn't have to suffer, i still feel awful after over a month of treatment (like haven't noticed many improvements).
despite seeing my friends more, eating healthy, journaling, exercising more, im not responding to any treatment.
i'm starting to feel like it's my fault i'm suffering, especially because there wasn't a major life event that sent me into this episode.
it's like everyday i'm in this hole and nothing i'm doing is helping me pull myself out :( at this point i'm praying that the antidepressants will give me a little tiny boost and if i'm lucky maybe some relief -- but im keeping expectations low (anyone have them help you?)
to make things worse, i never sleep anymore which i know is critical to recovery (if you have tips to battle ur depression insomnia pls send them my way -- even if it's a medication idea to bring up to my doctor).
i guess i'm just looking for hope at this point, i feel lazy and worthless and awful all the time and just need to hear some success stories!
i feel like i should be doing more to combat my depression but even existing feels so tiring, i know it's an illness but i just feel like i'm the one to blame for feeling so bad!
&amp;#x200b;i hope this post can get enough karma so it can go on r/teenagers and i hope everyone here can find something useful.
lots of love and take care &lt;3 let's talk about mental health:(1) first off, it's a bit concerning that we may be more comfortable expressing our deepest parts of ourselves with the internet, our digital world, over the reality we often think is boring unless we end up worrying ourselves too soon into adults for our long-term futures.
in fact, we don't really understand why mental health is important when being 'successful' seems to be emphasized, for everyone's living.
(2) what exactly does success mean or 'finding your purpose?'
you may think of your success to be family-oriented as the heir to your family or caretaker.
you may also feel voiceless as a family member or someone who has to please your parents and seek the career they wish for you to have.
or you simply might be scared to let your parents down and want approval from others which makes sense, who wouldn't want that?
life rules you should live by:\-success is finding your passions and ensuring your happiness with your loving devotion to said burning passions.
 stop looking to what you should be because you're only going to be filling stereotypical roles which are all deceptions in our ill-perception of what is perfection in our world.
\-just because an opinion won't be accepted by others doesn't mean you can't nurture it and adopt it as your own.
you should never feel insecure for wanting acceptance because you are deserving of it.
share your opinions so that others who when encouraged by you can stand alongside you and voice their own opinions too.
\-anxiety is a self defense mechanism.
it exists to tell you "something is wrong, i'm scared."
this doesn't mean you are healthy.
self defense mechanisms take control over you for a reason and that reason happens to be: you haven't found a way to manage your emotions or to find possible solutions to lift up your self-esteem.
\-depression means something is hurting you.
as obvious this may sound, you probably misinterpret this as: "something is wrong with me."
nothing is wrong with you but if you keep blaming yourself, you're only going to continue the hurting.
\-this leads into: accepting yourself and your mistakes.
we continously dream dangerously about a perfect world and how we must be our perfect selves.
if we don't make mistakes, how are we human?
and if we don't learn from our mistakes and accept ourselves, how do we expect the world to be merciful and human nature to be compassionate?
we have to be our own role models first before we can deem this world messed up or too rotten by us.
\-every story matters.
and everyone deserves to be treated like a human.
don't go for revenge.
it's not natural for us to consider this but we will support our own subjective ideas first before we will support anyone else.
that means the person feels like they're doing something just as important as you feel like your opinion is.
you may clash with them and think they're against you; they're not.
they're simply fighting for their opinion to matter and be valid.
\-don't compare your story to others.
our experiences will all differ in some way or another because of our perception stemming from our philosophy but that doesn't mean your feelings don't matter because someone has had it worse or vice versa.
\-find yourself to be open-minded by making acceptance one of your top values.
this will make you more compassionate towards others, fulfilling more of your happiness.
\-you have to know when to let go.
don't hold onto past happy memories thinking you'll never create new ones.
let go of exes and think to yourself: "if you feel like nothing without them, you weren't meant to be with them."
if you can't let go of them because you don't have anything else to let go of, please, just let go and realize you can hold onto yourself.
\-iq is just a measurement test.
don't let anything define you unless it is a part of what makes you biologically human.
for instance, your sexual orientation or whether you have a developmental disorder or disorder of any sorts matters.
so does your ethnicity, it matters.
but don't let things such as 'iq' and 'school' and 'sexy/beautiful' get to you.
it will hurt and consume you, like it has to me with my ocd.
\-work towards your life goals with the intent to develop yourself more maturely.
this should be how you measure your progression.
how you are becoming better as a person with a better understanding.
if you are becoming obsessive or unhealthy in your beliefs, it's not a progression, trust me.
\-you don't need to fit in to be loved.
you should be yourself and you shouldn't hide yourself because you can only then find people who will love you for you.
otherwise, you'll be hurt knowing that people love you for your fake personality.
\-stand up for others when they're falling down.
look towards understanding their situation rationally\-if you confront any problem with the intent of solving it merely objectively, you won't consider the problem realistically and your anxiety to make progress might prevent you from getting anything done.
\-suicide takes away the choice for a future.
you may feel suicidal because you are confused about your identity or feel the need to conform to our want for perfection, which is unrealistic.
\-don't tell people who have disorders or are venting to you that they are simply looking for attention.
this fuels the cycle that we will always be judged and no one will listen to or accept us.
make open-mindedness a priority.
\-be compassionate to yourself.
you are always doing your best even if you may be experiencing your worst right now.
love yourself and see yourself through the dark so you can enjoy the warmth of the day.
\-engage in reality!
whether it be art other hobbies or being outside.
spend time with yourself and others while appreciating reality ♡\-if you are stressed, rethink about the problem while applying the skill of self-compassion.
reach out to others if you feel the need to.
you are valid.
i had a corneal abrasion 2 weeks ago, and i got another today at school.
while i was waiting for my dad to come get me, the guidance counselor chatted me up.
she and the nurse kind of fixed my bad mood that i was in.
i find it really hard to see any good in the human race, so seeing just a bit of common decency really made me feel better.
i hope there are more people out there like that, people who will talk your ear off because they know it distracts from pain.
this is just a little rant to try to make me feel betterim 19 and graduated high school a year ago, and worked for a tiny bit but quit due to covid.
i was too late to register for classes last semester so i’ve done nothing with my life for the past year.
yea i have a few online friends i talk to, but nothing really makes me feel too much better.
when i was in school i had a couple friends who are cool, but all of our interactions aren’t really meaningful.
we never talked about how we were doing, or anything really personal.
we pretty much only talked about videogames and sports, which was cool, but i just want to be good friends with someone.
someone i can talk to about anything and trust.
i tried a few times to make our friendships more personal, but they always seemed to brush it off, and talk about more general stuff.
i’m super shy, so even if i were to get out i probably wouldn’t meet anyone.
i think it’s mainly because my family holds me to higher standards than my siblings which sucks, i feel like i can never express anything i’m feeling without being judged.
i know they care for me and love me, but it’s still super tough to deal with.
i still live at home, and i never really cared to get my license up until the start of this year.
i scheduled my test twice and both times they were canceled to random events which have mentally put me in a hole, as i was super excited to achieve something.i did just schedule another appointment so hopefully that goes well.
i’m not really scared/nervous for my future as surprisingly i think i’m decent looking, and generally pretty smart.
i know in like 5years or so my life will be good, as i have grown as a person pretty significantly, but for the time being life kinda sucks :(
i can’t even be nice to my siblings, the simplest of tasks is being nice to them but i can’t even do that.
my brother stopppef talking to me earlier today cuz i was being a bitch and now everyone’s saying i deserve it cuz he’s twisting my words, tone and overall what happened and now he’s acting like nothing happened all happy meanwhile i’m here depressed doing this shit on reddit i just come here for help and advice and i really need it right now so please do so
the news is really bad.
look up israel taking houses.
5 minutes ago i tried it for the first time.
i didnt think it would work, just dragging the tip of my facial razor across my skin.
i thought it took more force to draw blood.
but it worked.
i was shocked to see the beads of blood come out just like the old tumblr photos.
now i understand why people do it.
i like it.
i’m scared this will become another habit like my alcohol or binging.
my vain will to keep my body blemish-free will probably overpower it though lol.
tonight was the last straw for me.
ive had awful experiences with sexual assault and sexual harassment since elementary school, i don’t have a relationship with either of my parents, and i hate what i’m studying/my career choice.
i had an awful tinder date tonight, i let him come over thinking we could just casually hang out but he looked nothing like his pics and i still let him make out with me because im so lonely....he left and i blocked him, so he came back to my apartment and forced himself into my house to yell at me, got my roommate involved and all.
it’s just one thing after the other and my meds aren’t helping bc they can’t stop all this awful shit in my life from happening.
i hate to sound like im just pitying myself but i literally work so hard to live “right” and to be stable and it’s like it doesnt wven matter.
i just want to drop out of college, cancel my fellowship and move away.
i dont want any of this.
im sick of being alive
this is literally what a family member told me.
and they had a few people agree.
i didn’t even know what to say.
like instead of them asking me what’s bothering me or how they can help or support me, they come to the most ignorant conclusions, gossip about me to each other, and then pretend to care.
don’t worry.
when i die, i’ll make sure i leave a lovely note for all of them detailing all of the hell and abuse they put me through, the fact that they knew other people abused me and did nothing about it, refused to believe me or get me help after i told them, etc.
i’ll be gone soon.
maybe it's the fact that i turned 19 on thursday and i know that i'm an adult now but i feel so so shitty.
even the day of i just couldn't manage to do anything productive.
like yeah it's supposed to be a happy day, but i just couldn't.
i stayed in bed most of my day and when i did get out to do something with my parents i just felt so un productive.
and now a few days later it's even worse.
just tired and sleeping all day every day.
0 motivation.
all these negative thoughts.
it's honestly eating me up inside and i envy those who have a while birthday week where they're happy non stop.
it just sucks.
been extremely depressed for a few weeks.
just don't feel talented at all.
i just watch youtube, play videogames, and eat.
i do horrible in school, am far from athletic, and have horrible social anxiety disorder.
going out will give me anxiety attacks.
i just don't know what to do.
as an atheist i believe when you die you just instantly are born another human.
i've considered suicide so i can be born better, but the only thought that has stopped me is how far i've made it already.
any advice and can anyone relate?
sometimes is hurts a little, other times it hurts a lot.
always looking for the magic words to write to make it all go away.
unfortunately, i couldn’t find them today
i’m scared of what i might do to people, i keep having these thoughts to to terrible things, to do terrible things.
i’m afraid i might do them
# be the change you want to see in the world.
📷[rx/meds](tl;dr: the us healthcare system is broken and i want to try to change it, but i need your help.
tw: suicidehello all.
i am new to this sub, but not to chronic pain.
this past friday i learned that i lost a dear friend to trigeminal neuralgia and cluster headaches.
he held on for as long as he could, but with no sign of relief on the horizon he couldn’t hold on any longer.
i recently learned about ketamine infusions and how life changing they can be, i also learned how they are not an option to so many due to costs.
while processing my grief on friday i decided to try to change the world.
which is funny coming from the girl who is terrified of walking into a room of strangers and being the center of attention, now suddenly i have decided i want the whole world to look at me and know mine and other chronic pain patients struggles.
i am working on creating a social media campaign to fight back against big pharma and the pain clinics that rake in money hands over fist for a drug that is basically pennies compared to the fees they charge.
on the day these pages go live i will need all of the help i can get to share the post to get it trending so it is not just scrolled past.
i know like many others i have contemplated suicide to make the pain end and i want to end that.
no one should feel that is their only option left.
right now my main goal is to get ketamine infusions indicated as a treatment for chronic pain, ptsd and depression to make it more affordable-but if these takes off other things like diabetes can be added.
hi everyone!
just joined and looking for some advice.
i haven’t tried any medication whatsoever before, but i went to go get my prescription for wellbutrin 150mg today!
i’ll start taking it tomorrow morning!
i’m hoping somebody who has been on this medication can share with me their experiences?
i’m a 25 year old lady, i smoke, binge eat and have anxiety &amp; depression (amongst other things).
i’m a little scared to start taking any medication - i’m sure plenty of you understand.
i do have a concern regarding libido, and maybe it’s silly, but i’ve heard it increases significantly on this medication.
i consider mine to already be high, so i guess i’m concerned it’ll be too high if i start taking this medication?
has anybody heard of that or experienced this?
i’m not even sure if it’s a thing that can happen but just to ease my anxiety about starting a med i’d appreciate any sort of feedback from those willing to share :) thanks!
i'm tired.
it's late for me to sleep.
thoughts of abandonment and neglect are just swimming in my head.
goodnight i guess.
i might be saying it to nobody, but that's okay.
none of my friends ever reach out to talk to me, so, i guess now i'm used to talking to nobody.
my eyes are sore....i'm going to close them now...and try to relax....
i was thinking today i’ve got a little bit of money saved.
i’m not saying i’m going to do it by any means but i could end the pain today with just spending a couple 100 bucks.
life it’s truly insanely depressing sometimes i keep telling myself to push forward for my daughter but other times i think she would be better off without her daddy.
idk how to feel anymore
i've been depressed for a while but i don't think it's really came in to full effect until a couple years ago, i know some of the primary causes and went to therapy but it didn't do a thing.
i have ptsd because i was molested as a very young child and it leaves me feeling like a husk of a full person, kinda like a living shell, but then there's days i'm euphoric and feel like some living legend, it's fucked me up pretty bad.
during my childhood my father used to be physically and verbally and emotionally abusive, and my mother was very manipulative during my childhood.
somtimes i manipulate people and dont even realize it till later on and it makes me feel like human shit.
one of my recent major relationships ended because i couldn't take it anymore because the person was just using me as a glorified human dildo, and it hurt to give it up, but i knew it was for the best.
but time to get to the meat of this, daily i feel useless and unloved, like i deserved everything that happened to me as a kid, i feel like i can't be loved and that nobody wants me for anything but to use me.
somtimes it all comes crashing in at once and i just can't handle it all.
i feel like i'm at the breaking point.
i either want to start a new life or not live at all.
can i get a yee-haw?
that's a quote from a song i really like, and the sad thing is that it describes my life perfectly.
around three weeks ago my friends left me, and i feel so lonely.
we've been together for almost 3 years, and it just took them 3 weeks to forget about me.
they seem to be having the time of their lives and enjoying their youth while i am completely alone and depressed.
one of them got a girlfriend and it makes me so jealous, bc it reminds me that i'll never expect love and also i think i was in love with him, and the other one says that being with me hurts him, and wants me to change.
i want to fix things, i want to change, but i can't, i don't have the will.
those guys helped me with my depression for a lot of time, and now that they're gone it has gotten worse and worse.
i just don't know what to do, i want to kill myself but i don't have the guts, and i don't have the will to fix my life, i feel so helpless.
thank you if you read this all, i really appreciate it.
also sorry for my english
i was so proud that last week - i did three loads of laundry, folded them, and put them away.
that was the last thing i actually did.
still haven’t put away the air-dry laundry from those loads.
i’m a mess at work, i’m paralyzed by an inability to self-motivate and general self-loathing, and i basically have to be drunk to relate to people.
i know it will end soon, i’ve been dealing with this for 15 years and i know how long my « depression cycles » last, but i just feel like a lazy useless failure.
dogs and cats help.
i have one son who is 26. my battle with depression affected my parenting.
i hate, absolutely hate, that i allowed it to affect my parenting.
he and i actually discussed this today.
he is a good young man that also battles depression.
i hate that he is going through this.
i've been suffering from bad depression for the past ten years.
there have been ups and downs,  but for the most part i'm just a giant shell of who i was before things went south for me.
i've tried working to get out of this, but every time i put in effort i inevitably get worn out and end up in an even worse spot than where i was before.
that's depression though.
you think you hit rock bottom and then the ground opens beneath you.
that much i'm used to.
what i'm not used to is this phase i've been in the past couple weeks where i'll be in bed until 8-10pm before i finally feel like i need to get something to eat.
until then i'll be just laying down the entire day.
i don't even do anything.
i just lay there, unable to find the willpower to get up and deal with the world outside my bedroom.
it's horrible and until now i haven't dealt with anything like this.
just feels like the walls are closing in on me at this point.
so here i am.
it's my birthday, i'm alone in my mid-30s, no one has reached out to me to say happy birthday, it's 8pm, and i just don't want to leave my bed.
i don't now what to do, or why i'm even posting this.
just looking for anything at this point.
so, my long time friend of nearly 15 years has struggled with depression on and off for a very long time.
fucked up childhood, fucked up relationship she cant escape from (he would fight her for their daughter) etc.
i'm fairly certain she has some deep set mental issues.
manic, maybe, idk im not a professional.
but she told me today she 'probably wont be around for much longer'.
um.
fuck no, i'm not going to let her go without a fight first.
i told her therapy would be really helpful, and that it would be amazing for her.
she didn't disagree.
but she told me she essentially needs to be forced to do it.
problem is, i dont know how to fuckin do it.
i know her insurance company.
i dont know what plan shes on yet.
i think it'll cover counseling.
theres a number on the insurances website to call for the first appt.
i'm going to her house tomorrow to make her call, or possibly call for her if needed.
what else should i do, or shouldnt i do?
can i make an appt for her if i have her info in front of me?
i've never dealt with insurance or therapists before.
so many people always say "talk to someone" or "take the steps to get help" ect ect.
but i have no idea what that actually means, or entails.
i've spent almost half my life (and im only 24) feeling depressed, shit, for a few years i didn't even know what it was, i just stopped everything, stopped going to school, started locking my door and spending days at a time without seeing anyone, despite living at home with my family, i always brushed it off as "eh, im just lazy and like playing wow loads" because it was easier to say, especially when i didn't even have a clue about what was going on mentally.
i've spent years of my life trying to figure out what the reason for actually being alive is, and i've not got any closer to figuring it out.
every day i wake up, i feel a bitter disappointment, and i spend all day wishing i really had it in me to quit life, followed immediately by images of my family in my mind being told im gone which brings me out of the normal depressed mood and into the extremely sad mood.
over half my life, my entire teenage years, and my whole adult life so far, has been marred by this depression.
not to mention the anxiety stuff, i've lived alone in a tiny studio flat for 3+ years barely leaving my front door more than once every few weeks, the idea of being outside, in public view fills me with such nervousness and anxiety, coupled with excessive sweating, which i get anxious about, which makes me sweat more, so on, so forth until i finally get home, close to door and have a wave of all the heavy breathing and tiredness iv managed to keep hidden and under control while outside and almost pass out, every time.
even just popping to the shop 10 minutes up the road, i've never been further than that in the last 3 years.
and that's not even the worst, or atleast to me isn't.
the worst is that almost everything i've said to friends (if i have any left after not talking to them for over a year) and family are total lies, i always figured "i'd rather be sad, than make someone else sad" so when i became more and more depressed, outwardly i kept up this "im cool, no worries man, everythings fine, nothing ever bothers me" persona, which feels fucking awful to keep up, but feels so natural.
i lost my job in january, but outwardly "jobs going well, all good!".
luckily over the last few months i've managed to make a little money on some stocks, and showed some of my closer family, as a way of projecting this "im doing fine" vibe to them, but without mentioning that, that money is all that's keeping me alive, as opposed to "savings for a rainy day" that they think it is.
and it seems like once every few years when i build up the courage to tell a family member about it all, something comes up and i feel like i have to put it on hold and deal with that first, but i'm not sure if im just subconsciously using it as an excuse to not have to talk about it.
lately its been really bad, its easily been months between actually seeing or talking to anyone at all, i spend all my time alone constantly over thinking and worrying and trying to figure out what the fuck i even want to do while worrying if i'm going to be able to get a job and actually hold it down, or if i'm going to be able to pay my rent, do i need a bag ready to just leave one day?
do i even want to stay?
is it worth it?
every single time i've tried to do something good for myself i always end up posponing it and thinking "whats to point, its not going to work out, and even if it does ill just fuck it all up".
and now on top of that i was told about some health scares with close family and then worries about other family members going very deep down rabbit holes r.e vaccines.
and then after all that i can't help but think "how dare i ask for help" i have a roof over my head, food in the cupboard more times that not, clothes on my back and a family still here, why should i take help that someone else could use?
i can't hold down a job, i can't contribute to society, or towards anything.
im taking up a cheap flat, taking up tax payer money to pay my rent, how dare i put any more strain on anyone.
i don't know, maybe i just needed to vent.
it's the first time in 12 years that i'v ever actually tried to vocalise what's going on, even if it is just a throwaway account on reddit, it feels like a big step for me, maybe im just moaning about nothing?
i don't know.
i really wish i did, but i don't.
sorry about this being so long, i just got carried away a bit, it was a lot longer the first time until i finished it and backspaced the whole thing.
it's taken me 5 minutes to actually click post and not just delete it again.
so i was in an intense bit of depression early in the pandemic.
the world absolutely sucks and i was so caught up in the tragedy that plagues the planet that i was drowning in sorrow over things i literally had no control over.
i got out of that place and am now struggling with feelings that i am a shitty person - i’ve chosen to not dwell on all of the sucky things in life.
that isn’t to say i’m not sympathetic to the struggles of others and of the world, i just am too afraid to even let a bit of that sadness approach my soul because what if it tears down a year of progress?
am i selfish for this?
am i a bad person?
am i just delaying an inevitable relapse (an intense relapse) where every global struggle grabs hold of me?
because, hell, i’m not sure i’d make it through that.
i truly don’t know and yeah, to keep on trend, i’m not going to think too hard on it.
i’ve written this for perspective and to see if anyone else has experienced something similar.
am i depressed?
or is it just a teenage crisis?
i really don't know.
i need help to understand.
we can't afford shit.
life sucks.
i want to kill myself but who would take care of my mother?
today i had a doctors appointment then came home and showered, then went onto zoom for therapy.
i’m absolutely exhausted.
i’m stuck in my bed right now and i just have no motivation to do anything.
i hate how much energy absolutely everything takes out of me.
i just get so tired and need to isolate and lay in bed and do nothing.
anyone else feel that way?
it got bad again.
it usually does, but it hasn't been this bad in a while.
so, about a month ago i gathered up the guts and, since my college offers free and full healthcare (the perks of studying in the university with the highest exhaustion rate amongst students in the country), i set up an appointment with the psychiatrist and started taking my meds again.
three days later i'm having a huge panic attack, so i do my breathing exercises, get to the backyard and start drawing the chickens to try to ground myself, focus on something.
when eventually i start to calm down, my thoughts start to slowly shift from "i'm gonna die" to "i think it would actually be better if i died".
now i'm thinking i don't want to deal with this.
not again.
because i've seen this before and it all just keeps going up and down and up and down and when does it stop?
and i'm sitting on the floor, crying and looking all stupid, staring at chickens, and it might be different the next time.
maybe i won't be staring at chickens.
or maybe i won't be crying.
but it will happen.
and i'm tired.
that's when my cat, who has apparently been sitting at the window looking at this mess of a mommy of his starts meowing at me.
so i grab my sketchbook and come inside.
fast forward to today.
it happened again.
in a different way.
i (23f) haven't self harmed in 11 years.
today i felt an urge to hurt myself in some way, cut myself again or just bang my head against a wall so aggressive and so hard to overcome i actually had to lay down on the bathroom floor for what felt like 3 hours but honestly i have no idea how long it was.
anyway, if you read this, thanks.
i really just needed to vent.
there's too many people around me and i don't feel like i can trust any of them.
so thank you, kind stranger, for reading this.
wounds on the outside may heal or appear to heal but the psychological effect stays
gonna punch the guy that set mine on an endless loop.
how did you get through your old trauma and become a self-actualized, healthy adult?
are you in a relationship?
do you have a family?
a great career that you love?
anything that makes your life worth living?
yesterday, i celebrated my birthday a little early (i'm in my late 20s now).
my mother held the celebration at her house - it was just the two of us.
she seemed so warm and happy about celebrating it and had a cake and other treats plus a really lovely card that kind of melted my heart.
we didn't hug or show any physical affection like that the whole day - in fact, i could almost count the number of times we've ever hugged my whole life (probably something like fewer than a dozen), and i remember she was very mean when i was a child.
she would call me a "stupid piece of shit" constantly and chastise me for every little mistake i made.
nowadays at work, i can't make mistakes - because i chastise myself for them quite harshly and feel like i'm not good enough.
i push myself to be perfect and never do a thing wrong at my job, and i think that puts a lot of pressure on me from my bosses to continually perform at that capacity, so i'm stressed out to the point where i'll likely develop physical health problems soon (i already have plenty of behavioral ones).
i was spanked (sometimes with wooden and wire hangers), slapped, kicked.
i had to watch her destroy herself with alcohol as i grew up and even nurse her back to health just so that she could function (thank god she's been sober for over a decade now).
i couldn't ever neglect chores for even a single fucking moment because she would flip her shit if i did (so chore perfectionism became a thing, to the point where i was emotionally/verbally abusive to a roommate of mine recently when he would neglect chores).
i've been in one relationship from which something could have been made (a family, for instance) and two "relationships" that were sad, sorry attempts at repairing myself after the first one broke up with me.
i've tried killing myself at least twice with prescription drug overdoses, and i've had to deal with alcoholism and sex addiction.
the worst part is, the sex addiction is pathetic - i don't even have sex regularly!
i just sit and masturbate to porn or whatever i can and fantasize - i've never had a one-night stand or slept with a prostitute.
the worst that has happened to me was that i became vulnerable to a woman online and masturbated with her via skype.
she recorded it and tried to extort a lot of money out of me, threatening to post the video on my facebook wall (somehow she hacked it).
i almost attempted suicide that day, but my mom did save my life and reel me back into a safe mental space.
she was pissed at first though - damn near broke down the door to my apartment trying to get in after i texted her!
i didn't grow up with any siblings (my half-brother grew up with his mom), and i had a bunch of fur-siblings, most of which are dead now.
their deaths have been the most painful experiences in my life (my great-grandpa died a few years back, and although i wasn't as close with him as, say, my dad, we were still pretty close - and that wasn't even as bad).
as soon as my dad was diagnosed with cancer a couple of years ago, i broke down immediately.
it was as if he were already dead, that's how much i was grieving.
thankfully, he's still around and doing well, but it shocked me to the core when he broke the news to me.
this next part is going to be really hard to type out, so bear with me.
when i was 17, we got a dog who was born physically disabled - we called him "gimpy."
his hind legs were deformed and he was almost euthanized right away, but my mom rehabilitated his legs and got him to walk and even run.
he had a compulsive licking problem (still does to this day), and it was so annoying to me, a pissed off and bitter late-teenager, that at one point i put him in his kennel and rolled him around a few times as punishment for annoying me.
i can still hear his whimpers to this day.
😢 i don't think i'll ever forgive myself for doing that, because it reminded me of how my mom treated me.
i've seen him through his whole life into advanced age, with a cancer diagnosis himself, and he has been fiercely loyal and affectionate to me but continues to lick, and he's not as smart or socially developed as he should be, and he winces anytime my mom or i get on to him - all of which reminds me of myself.
he's also extremely passive and submissive, like me.
anybody  can fucking walk all over me - doesn't fucking matter who.
it could be a fucking child and they can convince me to do something, i'm that much of a pathetic, piece of shit pussy!
i turned to christianity for an answer in recent months - perhaps if my mom couldn't love me, god could?
would i discover absolute truth in his word?
i feel i am gravely mistaken, and that i'm just another sucker who's falling into the hands of the great evangelism machine, with an agenda to push like anyone else.
i'm just being used and abused like everyone else has ever done to me in my life...
make no mistake.
this isn’t a cry for help or a suicide note.
i just can’t do this anymore.
i’m taking a break from social media and finding some time for myself.
i’m lonely and depressed, and i need to take a step back and try to fix things.
i’m going to delete my account.
maybe one day i’ll come back.
does anyone feel like this as well?
lately ive been thinking more and more about how much i don't want to exist anymore.
i don't want to die, but i don't want to continue living as myself.
and its not because "i hate my life".
i lead a pretty good life; i have good friends, a good family, and a good job.
i just hate myself.
and the thought of living with myself for the rest of my life is what really brings me down.
im 24 and have felt like this more or less for the past 10 years.
im in therapy, on anti-depressants, and have tried everything from meditation to journalling.
sometimes i go through moments where i feel like im getting out of it, only to be knocked right back down into the same place.
im starting to feel really hopeless in ever living a life without depression.
what is also frustrating is that because i do have moments where i can laugh and have fun with my friends, i feel like i can never actually explain what im going through because "i don't look depressed" and they won't fully understand me and think i am being overdramatic.
i feel really alone and i am wondering if anyone else feels like this too?
i dunno i just feel like if i didn't think anyone would miss me i would probably end it.
i don't have any motivation i don't find enjoyment in anything that i used to enjoy.
i'm just so fucking tired all the god damn time.
i just want it to end so bad but i feel like there's a handful of people that would miss me if i did and i don't want to hurt them
i just want to feel safe again.
i just want to go home and lay in my bed and watch the sun rise and paint and sing.
but thats all beem taken away from me.
the one thing.
the one fucking thing that made me happy in life was taken away from me.
i have nothing left.
i have nothing left to live for.
i just want to go home.
how can i find it if i don't even know what it is?
i’m 30 and decided two years ago to take a masters in europe (originally from north america).
i thought it would be the answer to my dreams, it was in my industry in countries i loved.
now i’m in my last semester which should be an internship and i never received one.
it’s been a struggle for months, finally got a company to sign and then they ghosted.
my confidence is shattered and the depression i worked hard to over come is back tenfold.
i’m in one of the most beautiful cities i’ve ever been and spend most of my days crying.
this program has financially ruined me and i have no hope finding a job in the industry after graduation.
i have lost my passion and i don’t even know what to dream about anymore.
many in my program have struggled but none like me and it’s tough to be the « worst case scenario » i’m so embarrassed and just want things to stop hurting so much.
to go back home with no money and no dreams is hard.
i feel like a shell of a person.
i’m sorry for the rant i just needed to let it out.
i don’t know how this can get better.
i feel like i took a chance on my dreams and fucked up royally.
i’m not 18 anymore, i’m running out of time to try new things.
i hate who i am.
my friend has depression, she told me ages ago and i've told her i'm always here for her, ect.
but most days (when we message each other) she always responds with 'i'm okay ig' whenever i ask how she is  or if it's really bad she responds with 'i'm awful', i feel really bad because i've already said everything and i don't know if it's annoying to her if i keep repeating the same thing every day, she knows i'm always there for her because i've mentioned it a lot.
in summary, my friend is depressed and every time we message each other she says she isn't ok or 'i'm ok ig', i've already said the 'i'm always here for you' stuff but since she says she isn't good every day i dont know how to respond without sounding too repetitive, i feel really bad because i really do care about her but i'm useless and have no idea what to say.
does she get tired of hearing the same things over again?
how do i comfort her?
what do i say?
i understand this is different to every one but i'd like atleast a general idea of what i can do, thank you.
i still live with my parents, so im constantly holding in how goddamn miserable i am, pretending to be fine, making jokes and smiling and helping around the house when i just want to collapse in bed and sleep for the rest of my lifei haven't spoken to anyone outside of my parents in a few weeks.
i posted on reddit about how my best friend basically told me the only solution would be to kill myself when i was venting to them, and they were the only one i really trusted to talk about how shitty i felt sometimes.
obv i know that was my mistake, i shouldn't have forced my problems on someone else, but still it hurts.
it's been nearly a month and they haven't even bothered trying to contact me anymore, maybe i should just consider that bridge burnt and let go of whatever hope i still had.
and since that happened i can't even trust the few friends i still have cause im terrified of them saying the same thing.
since i can't trust them, im constantly masking how shitty i feel, and it's so goddamn exhausting.
i'm so fucking tired.
i moved out with my bf and now realized i shouldn’t of.
i have no money, my ride (my bf) is not reliable at all, always making me miss work.
i pay $750+ in rent/utilities and i’ve begged him to help me pay it off but he refuses each time.
(both in early 20s)(he’s a youtuber and makes more than me with my retail job).
my parents are moving out of the state and don’t know how to help me out, or don’t know if i can go back with them.
i have legit $50 in my bank, and currently work a $9 job that only allows 15 hours a week.
do that math, so little $$:(.
i’m trying to get another one but it’s hard.
as well my city is very dangerous and a girl should not be riding buses/walking alone out here.
i have no help, at all.
i’m doing this all alone.
i’m so exhausted.
my brain is legit fried.
i have no money, and i will get kicked out.
i had tried for benefits but they where halted (i moved here with a great job then unfortunately got laid off.)
my bf’s gonna go on vacation this week to disney (even tho he won’t help me out) and i wonder if i should just end it all.
i flat out won’t have anywhere near enough money by next rent, and the person i thought i could rely on is never they’re for me.
could be my last post who knows.
i just want to cut so deep, and have this want to just slit my throat.
just end it all, and have no more worries.
i dont often dream, and when i do it's usually scary or nonsensical.
this time was incredibly fulfilling.
i drove around with all of my friends.
we did nothing important but i was absolutely positive that they all liked me and that my presence was welcomed.
we had a sleepover at my friend's work, for some reason.
i was happy to have a night where me and my friends gave each other our undivided attention.
a boy i like told me he had a crush on me.
i kissed him.
a girl i like sent me a letter.
her letter was somewhat personal, she talked about her day and some random thoughts, the kind of thing you'd send over a few dozen texts nowadays.
it wasn't an admission by any means, but being sent a letter showed she still cared and thought about me.
that was enough.
in the dream i was absolutely adamant that i would get to writing her back.
it's 3pm now.
the only reason i'm still awake is because my back hurts from lying in bed too long.
my summer classes start in three hours.
i'm hungry and thirsty but i don't want to eat or drink.
all i want is to get back to my dream, but i don't think i'll ever see it again.
the worst part is that i never even got to write that letter.
it's all my fault.
i'm going to punish myself severely because of it.
that feeling when you want something bad to happen to you is called  lachesism!
i cant stop crying.
i’m doing everything i can to be better.
i exercise i eat healthy i read i stay busy i talk to friends and talk to my mom.
i am suffering.
i don’t want to live like this.
i feel like a burden to everyone around me.
i just want to feel ok.
i wanna feel like i used to.
i wanna be free.
please tell me it gets better
i don't really know what's wrong with me.
i'm a 17 (very close to 18) year old girl and i'm diagnosed with adhd and ocd.
i spent just under a week in a mental hospital in late january for suicidal thoughts.
while i was there i spoke with a psychiatrist, who said i was probably bipolar.
he put me on abilify as an antidepressant, explaining something about how people who are bipolar don't respond to ssri's (which i was on before and didn't work).
to make a long story short, i desperately need an antidepressant, but it's going to take months before my dosage of abilify will be increased (it's only at 2 mg, which does absolutely nothing for me).
i'm on vyvanse for my adhd, and it works perfectly at 60 mg, but i'm only prescribed 30 mg, and it doesn't work at that dose.
i have a therapist already.
she was, from my understanding, supposed to teach me cbt techniques or something.
instead, i come in, tell her what happened that week, she tells me how sorry she is for me, and i leave.
it's hard because every week i tell her the same thing, that i miss my ex boyfriend (that's a really, really long story).
i've been in therapy in the past as well and it just doesn't seem to work for me.
i can't be completely honest with anyone, let alone someone i barely know and have no bond with.
in addition, i go through huge mood swings.
a lot of times, i'll come into therapy on a good day and in a good mood, and we have nothing to talk about.
but later that week, or even later that day, something could happen and send me into tears and anxiety attacks.
i asked my mom about getting another therapist, but according to her at least it's just not feasible right now.
most of the time, if i'm in a bad state of mine, i'm at home.
there's really nothing to do but text or call a friend.
i feel like everyone encourages reaching out if you need help, but i have help.
i'm in therapy, i'm on medication, and neither of them are doing anything for me right now.
there's no one i can reach out to in the moment but my friends for momentary support/comfort.
i am lucky in that i have a good number of friends who i trust and are willing to help me in my bad moments.
but i feel incredibly guilty when i do so.
last night at 3 am, i had a horrible anxiety attack, and i facetimed my friend and as soon as he answered i told him while sobbing, "i'm literally so close to killing myself right now."
he calmed me down and waited until i fell asleep to hang up.
i appreciate him so much for doing that, and for my friends who have done similar things, but i feel horrible.
it is so much pressure to put on someone, and obviously he's not a therapist or some kind of mental health professional, it just doesn't seem fair for him to have to see me like that and try and help me through it.
but at the same time, if he hadn't answered i really do think i would have hurt myself.
so i feel sort of stuck.
i don't want to stress my friends out, or annoy them and make them not want to be my friend anymore.
i'm so scared of losing my friends because of this.
i feel like people won't like me if all i do is vent to them.
i feel like people won't like being friends with me if it's no fun talking to me.
they put me on this about 3 years ago, but it has one hell of a side effect profile.
weight gain, and the worst is the almost absolute loss of libido (which may be because it's prescribed in combination with clonazepam).
anyone else take this poison?
it does have a few upsides in that it worked better for me than the others, and if you chew up some of those xr beads you get you a little rush.
the withdrawal is terrible.
constant nausea and vomiting, feels like being dope sick.
cymbalta's even worse i hear.
is there a good replacement for effexor without so many side effects, or all snri's like this?
i feel like i don’t belong anywhere.
i don’t fit in.
i feel alienated.
i feel i can’t deal with anymore problems.
sometimes i feel i’d be better off  somewhere else.
i don’t know how to feel better.
... they also have a few side effects that i'm struggling with, and i kinda wanted to know an opinion on how to deal with them.
first is sleep.
back in the day, in my teenage years, i would sleep 3-5h tops.
i was a severe insomniac, and that was probably one of the reasons that lead to my depression, meds helped with that initially, but now i have the opposite problem.
if i don't put an alarm clock i will easily sleep 15 uninterrupted hours, and getting out of bed before that is extremely hard.
maybe i manage to wake up early in the morning one day, but the next day i will just feel like shit, and can't get up.
i've tried putting my phone away from my bed, so i'm forced to stand up to turn it off, but that doesn't work most of the time, because again, i will feel like the weight of the world is on my entire body unless i go back to sleep.
i'm currently a college student, and i kinda need that time i spend sleeping studying, but i just can't do it, and the worse part is that those extra hours of sleep don't even feel that good, i still feel drowsy after waking up.
second is food.
the meds make me very hungry all the time, and they slow down my metabolism, so i've gained a lot of weight lately, i restarted working out at the gym since they reopened in my area, but that isn't having an effect, and it's affecting my head looking in a mirror, and seeing my huge belly.
after almost a year of paying for my grandfather’s hospital bills (#noregrets) i have depleted my life’s savings and am a few days away from being homeless.
tbh the moment he passes i’m going to take my own life too...  i used to have a life and be “happy”, however as soon as i couldn’t pay my own way my “friends” disowned/distanced themselves to the point where i feel more alone than ever.
is financial depression even a thing?
i have dropped my expectations from life lower than my father's expectations from me.
so yeah pretty low.
i'm 20.i wanted to jump out to my death for the last 12 years.i don't have family (they're alive but i don't have  "family") i don't have any friends.
i don't remember the times i felt happy.
i do not even think i am feeling sad anymore.
everyday is wake up, eat, read books, manga,youtube sleep.
i have been living my life like this for so long.
i stopped thinking what's wrong with me because i know i can't get rid of me unless i killed myself.
i started to go to therapy i take my pills everyday.
they said go out you will feel better i did go out they said exercise i did, meet new people i did.
nothings works.
i accepted it.
it's never gonna be okay.
i'm not like others so this is my life i have to accept it.
but the only thing i wish is for one day, one fucking day i don't want to think about killing myself.i don't want to be happy anymore, i don't need family, friends i'm used to pain it's okay but i want to know how it feels a day without this thoughts.
that's all.
it's not much.
then why?
pills doesn't work, therapy doesn't work.
what's more do i have to do?
what's left that i could do?
i just want one day please.
when i'm driving, i try and let people who are waiting on a stop or wait sign to pass before me, because it might take them sometime before they'll be able to otherwise.
i try to help people in other situations too as far as i feel comfortable.
i also try and smile, greet and be kind to people i don't even know.
i help them because existence is pain, life is suffering, and if i can help at least a bit, i let their suffering and pain be more bearable.
i know life is shit because it is to me, so i try to make other people less miserable because i know what it feels like.
hoping they will do the same to me or others.
if i can't get relief for myself at least someone else will get it.
damn i need a hug right now.
i feel miserable.
this pain is tiring me.
please make it stop.
i'm starting to care less about everything school, making sure i take care of myself (brushing teething showering, ect.
), i caring less if i'm clearing rude to my family.
i think my cup is overflowing.
i think about suicide daily
i've recently noticed my friend has been a bit more down lately due to depression, and i was wondering if there's any nice things i could do for them?
of course there's being supportive, speaking with them etc which i am doing, but i was more thinking along the lines of not-too-draining outings or little presents or favours to cheer them up.
just some little distractions so they're not as stuck in a rut :)
i’m tired, i don’t wanna be here anymore and i feel nothing anymore.
what’s the point of even being around if you can’t even feel anything.
the things that made me happy no longer even crack a smile on my face.
i just feel so lost and empty.
there is nothing that i can think that would make me feel happy or even temporary joy.
i should reach out for help but i just don’t want to burden someone with my issues and problems so i hold it in.
i’ll be fine soon, i always end up fine in the end.
i just wish the end came sooner.
so i failed two classes today.
i had two finals and failed them both.
i was doing pretty good throughout the semester but i literally couldn’t remember a single thing that we i learned.
i already have testing anxiety and i’ve been having pretty bad memory issues lately because of my depression.
i’ve actually failed all of my finals but the two previous ones didn’t bring my grade low enough to make me fail.
slipping back into another depressive episode and don’t know what to do about it.
i was doing good for a few weeks but here i am again with intense negative thoughts and unmotivated to do anything.
it’s a cycle.
feel fine for 2 or 2 and a half weeks then like shit again for the same amount of time weeks.
sometimes the depressive episodes last even longer.
it’s like i climb up a little and think “hey things are starting to look better” and then i fall again deep.
repeat.
someone i really liked and was talking to unexpectedly cut things off and it made me feel like such a worthless person .
it happened a while ago and i was doing fine.
now i’m not.
honestly life is okay i can’t  complain but i just don’t want to be here and i want to be in bed not doing anything.
nothing makes me happy for longer than a..couple of hours.
last year around this time i felt the same way.
i just need to know there’s light at the end of the tunnel because i’m getting increasingly desperate.
when will it get better?
and how?
i don’t see it happening for myself to be honest.
is this just life?
hanging on by a thread all the time?
i don’t even have reasons to be unhappy.
i have a job, family and friends.
but i am.
and i feel hopeless and powerless because despite all the blessings i have, i can’t seem to enjoy life at all.
i grew up and live in a dark and cold part of the us, and have pretty severe seasonal depression.
i have a job where it's pretty easy to get new positions (cpa), so i've often wondered about moving somewhere warm and sunny.
has anyone with severe seasonal depression done this?
how'd it turn out for you?
i've been dealing with a lot for a long time, and recently things took a definite upturn, then they didn't.
then they did.
then they dropped of the face of the earth.
i don't know where else to turn.
i'm not suicidal but i told my dog goodbye and i don't know why.
now my best friend (the dog) is watching me cry while i type this and i can tell he wants to help but neither of us know how
"reflection:  get to know yourself more by listing and describing your personality's strengths and weaknesses.
give me your findings and draw a conclusion about yourself and  the kind of personality that you have.
do you possess a characteristics that will enable you to lead in the future?
discuss it extensively."
this question gave me more anxiety and sadness since i realize i only ever knew my weaknesses and not my strengths.
i used to know my strengths, but i don't think i still have them now.
also, "give me your findings" what does that even mean?
i've never been here, and i don't know if commiserating with a bunch of other depressed people is healthy, but i have nowhere else to vent.
i am just...so...tired.
i am tired of staying up until i'm delirious from exhaustion because the other option is laying there while my brain goes over, in minute detail, what a pos i am.
i'm tired of going to sleep agonizing over what a terrible place the world is, and i'm tired of waking up to find it's somehow gotteb worse.
i'm tired of brushing my teeth in the hall and shaving in the shower because i can't stand to look at myself in the mirror.
i'm tired of wearing long sleeves in the summer to cover my self-inflicted scratch wounds, old and new.
i'm tired of watching the same shows and playing the same games because the new terrifies me.
and i'm tired of feeling alone.
my friends and family say," we're here for you, you can talk to us."
bullshit.
whenever i try to take them up on that, or have a "moment", they hightail it.
"you're freaking me out."
"you're pissing me off" "ugh, can we talk about this later" "i'll come back when you've calmed down" and the worst, from my mom, "i will commit you if i have to, so pull yourself together."
after nearly being commited by the psychologist i saw once a year as part of my counseling, i became withdrawn.
i can't express any negative emotion besides anger, which for some reason is more acceptable for men than crying.
i wanted to cry over sonething sad, and i couldn't.
i just got nauseous.
i don't expect anyone to read this, or care.
i certainly don't care about myself much.
i just...want to quit.
you know when you're a kid, learning little life lessons?
one of those was that if there's sonething unpleasant you have to do, it's better to just do it and get it over with.
death is just about the worst thing that can happen to you, and everyone has to do it.
why not just get it over with, spare yourself all the pain and fear of life?
tw: mention of suicidal thoughtsmy life feels like a nightmare where good things happen to me but i can’t enjoy them.
i see the people i love every day but i can’t remember the good memories i have with them.
i can’t remember why i do anything; all i know is that if i stop doing things i won’t be able to fly under the radar anymore.
everyone will know just how dark my mind has been.
they won’t think my room is messy because i’m just gross anymore; they’ll realize i’ve been spiraling down for a month and thinking about suicide every day for weeks.
but it’s getting harder to hide.
i don’t know what to do with this empty life.
it feels so out of reach.
i want to live on my own and be independent but the thought of committing to something makes me feel so anxious and angry.
i wish i could commit to nothing.
i don’t want to see how i turn out.
i’m angry i was ever allowed to be born because i’m so terrible and useless.
i don’t know why anyone likes me or tolerates me when all i do is cry and cry about my life and then not be brave enough to change it.
but i fear who i’ll be in the future.
i’m afraid that i’ll hate myself even more for the life i decided to live after all the trauma i went through.
i’ll hate myself for not being better.
anyway, sorry.
i just needed to vent.
every time i search trying to figure out what this is, it leads me to anhedonia which isnt right.
i still love playing valorant and league and overwatch, i still love drawing and reading and i love watching drag race and i still love so many things.
but they don't make me happy.
there's no joy in the things i love, but i still love them.
does anyone know what this would be called?
im also autistic but i dont think thats a factor in this case.
thank you in advance
ive posted about my depression.
ive replied comments, ive tried reaching out to people to chat online on a community called "making friends".
whta is the matter with me that nobody replies?
i didnt even mention my current situation i was just trying to make conversation.
not even here plp replied, im so anguished that my chest is aching and i have no one to reach out besides my brother who is alrealdy in pain.
i try helping people when i can but most plp never seem willing to do the same for me.
i don't post often.
mostly because it's exhausting to even type out my thoughts sometimes.
but yeah, it's rough.. i mean, i still have things that i would like to happen but i've lost a bit of passion, motivation, and purpose.. art and music are my two biggest loves and both feel like such a chore to do now.
it's been like that for over 2 years maybe.. i've taken a long ass time away from both and am trying to push through and get back into everything.
i did complete one small painting last month and currently working on another for a small art show early next month.
i'm proud of at least that, but i'm also filled with dread every time i go to paint.
music is the same, too.
for music, i'm thinking about doing a masterclass course to help get motivated to write, play and record.
i can acknowledge these efforts are something to be proud of, but i don't quite feel that way.
i'm definitely trying here but damn it's hard.. i am working with an awesome therapist and taking medicine which helps me, but sometimes there's these numb and dreadful periods where i sometimes sleep to pass the time otherwise i'm driving myself crazy staring at the walls, being on my phone, watching tv, or whatever just waiting for the day to be over.
i just wanted to vent a little.
i feel lost and like i want to do everything and nothing at all.
such a strange feeling.. 😞if anyone else is going through this as well, i'm so sorry.
i'm in it with you and we'll get through it.
but today, i feel like i need some extra words of encouragement, if you have any.
love and respect.
all one has to do is look at the rising suicide rates over the years(i know it’s been on the rise for years in the us) and the fact that social media has caused our generation to be more lonely, detached, and anxious than ever before.
i guess what made me write this is that i’ve read countless “unpopular opinions” about how billie eilish is overrated because she writes depressing music to be trendy and that she’s only “fake depressed”.
little do they know, she’s talked about how she used to self harm in bathrooms and has had suicidal thoughts.
i do think it’s become fairly popular nowadays to “gate-keep” depression.
now you have to prove you’re actually depressed in order for people to initiate you into this depression club they’ve formed.
if you smile a few times with your friends or take social pics for instagram, those gatekeepers think it’s impossible for you to be depressed.
you make one dark-humored joke about having depression, they’ll say you’re only doing it because it’s trendy; not because you’re actually depressed.
gate-keeping depression is weird.
anyone can be depressed and even suicidal.
rich or poor.
conventionally attractive or not.
in a committed relationship or not.
that person you see who’s bubbly in person could be putting up a facade so you can’t see just how broken, damaged, and helpless they feel internally.
gate-keeping depression does way more harm than good(if there’s any good at all) because what if that person who’s in serious need of help decides to attempt suicide—not to actually die but solely to be taken serious and to avoid people saying they’re seeking attention.
firstly i want to say that i'm 14, my birthday was 3 days ago, and if you have any problem with that then just leave.
i don't need your knowledge or experience at being a dick to small childs.
english is my second language so i can't write that wellthere's a tl:dr at the bottom of the pagewhen i was seven, i had my first existencial crisis, i spent a month thinking about death, and how i was being a bad person, and how i don't deserve what i have.
yes, i was seven.
2 years later my granphater died, and the best time of my life - by that i mean, the one with less misery- started, i was narcisisstic and a compulsive liar, i still am, and i had 3 friends, two of which i had a tiny connection with.
at fifth grade i was very much a \im 14 and this is deep\ kid, i was betrayed by my family four times, i told them something i really tought they wouldn't tell anyone, but they did tell other people, in front of me.
i only cried once, and it was for 30 minutes straight, my family laughted at me for crying, and other traumatic events happened.
i also forgot to mention i was exceptionally good at math.
i also passed a test and got a 100% schollarship for a private school in my city.
one.year later i was unhappy and repressing my emotions, and all my ideals were wrong and badly made, i knew that, and i blamed myself.
i also lost the schollarship, and went back to public school.
i forgot to mention that i lived with my grandmother, and that she doesn't have a good relashionship with my mother, i'm saying this now because she started saying that she would " abandon me", and have me live with my mother, and guaranteed me it would suck, which is healthy and didn't afect me at allanother year passed, i didn't feel like i was a kid anymore, i didn't laugh like the other kids, i didn't cry, i watched documantaries, read non-fiction books, and didn't feel like doing nothing, everything was boring.
i thought that having suicidal thoughts was stupidtwo years later the pandemic started, i thought i was going to be fine, but it was surely way worse than i ever thought it would be.
i kept thinking it couldn't get any worst, but it did, i matured more, so i realised my mom and my grandmother sucked, and that most of the bad things that happened to me were because they didn't have common sense.
i also realised i had severe anxiety.
in december 28th, i moved to my father's houseit didn't go that smoothly, my mom didn't accept the guard process( idk how to say it in english, its basically taking their power to decide where i live) she said an amazingly big amount of things that bothered me and showed how much she doesn't know about my life, there was an court thing ( again, i don't know the name of it in english, it wasn't in court, but it was like- close to the court room) where i did some beeps and the judge did the boops and my mom had a breakdown( she didn't accept the fact that she is losing something, i know that because she is bipolar and manipualtive, everyone on my family knows that) the process thing is still ongoing but there's no way we'll lose.
i also think about killing myself a lottl:dr: my family gave a lot of traumas, i have existencial crisises since i was six, i don't trust anyone, and i can't trust anyone.
today, i have anxiety, probably depression, don't trust anyone, am aphatic( i don't feel love in general, like mathernal or phaternal love and also other types of love), don't have motivation, thought about killing myself countless times and i'm a nihilist, not the pessimistic type tho.
i think life is fucking great but can't find a way to feel like life is fucking great.
i hope other people feel like this too.
ps i forgot to mention my father is awesome, but i can't say a lot of things to him, he is very homophobic and racist, it surely bothers me but i can't do anything about it.
that's just it.
i feel replaceable, unnecessary.
like an extra puzzle piece or something.
i've been thinking lately, am i really necessary?
i have a friend group of five people (including me).
we aren't very close, or at least i'm not.
they never message me, and on special occasions when we hang out i'm not interacting with them.
i know they talk to each other a lot, and i go unnoticed.
i keep thinking about my brother, who died as an infant.
he never got to live life, and i do.
maybe if he lived he'd talk to people.
maybe he would get good grades, do sports, or at least not sit in his room all day watching fucking japanese cartoons.
maybe mom would be proud of him.
i don't have achievements to look back on.
i don't have anyone to reassure me that i'm needed, everyone is busy.
i'm not.
i'm wrapped in a blanket, crying as i write a reddit post about how terrible i feel.
this sucks, but at least i got this out.
or at least humanity i mean seriously?
why is our species still here?
my biggest wish is just for that meteor to hit earth right now and i want to be the victim of the direct impact.
we had our time, we’ve had our fun, humans have achieved a lot, but now it’s just getting ridiculous.
we’re destroying the oceans, endangering species, speeding up climate change.
we only accommodate the planet for ourselves.
we need to go.
like even if i wasn’t depressed we’re just an objectively terrible, selfish species too smart for our own good.
something just fucking wipe us out already.
i've heard lots of stories of people with depression and their partners, some of them are very supportive and help a lot through the recovery of the depression and some of them just can't keep up and end up being even worse for the people suffering from it.
i have never had a girlfriend while struggling with depression and always thought it would be so helpful to have someone always there remembering that you are loved and needed.
so, what's your story?
hi, i recently started seeing someone with depression and i want to know how i can best deal with the situation.
we’ve been seeing each other for the last few weeks and hanging out fairly often.
he dropped that he was on antidepressants and that he was depressed on our first date and to be honest, i didn’t think much of it.
i figured it was to warn me about any possible difficulties with sex, but i don’t really care about sexual performance too much right now.
throughout our conversations, he has repeatedly mentioned periods where his depression was worse.
the last time we hung out, our conversations got deeper and he told me more about the extent of his depression and how numb he is to emotions and he doesn’t even really understand what he is supposed to feel.
i wasn’t sure how to handle that and i kind of probed more into it to increase my own understanding.
i can see him feeling guilty a lot of the time for putting that on me when he really shouldn’t feel guilty about wanting to talk about his emotions.
i really like him, but i’m not sure about how to support him when he wants to talk about his depression.
i would really appreciate it if this community could help me out with some resources, reading, or advice on how to best support him.
if this isn’t the best forum for that, i’d appreciate it if you guys could point me toward another one that might be able to help.
failed an exam yesterday in a class that i need at least a b+ in to not fail out of my program.
i don't know what to do, the days keep getting shorter and the nights keep getting longer.
i'm just so tired
my mind &amp; soul are burning… i have episodes that make me leave everyone then i realize what i did &amp; i cry from the pain of feeling lonely… i eat then just throw everything up.
i do take medication- zoloft for anyone wondering, not seeming to work.
i sleep &amp; don’t ever want to get up, not for him, school, any of my friends… everyone thinks i don’t care but i do i really do.
i’m trying so hard but i don’t want to be here on most days.
i go numb sometimes, i honestly hate it more than suffering from my mind.
i don’t want him to leave me, i constantly worry about it… everyone else left so why wouldn’t he?
i push him away but never too far.
i cry out for help but my scream doesn’t ever seem to be loud enough.
can you relate?
my parents are on another continent and told me they understood why my friendshere would stop talking to me.
i’d say it would be a good 3-4 days before anyone came to check in.
dear reddit community,i have been suffering from depression almost my entire life, which was diagnosed in a very young age including bpd.
i have somewhat come to a term with my disorder, and (not entirely, still working on it) being okay with who i am.
however, being married and living with someone who, society, would consider normal, does come with challenges for me, which make me doubt myself all over.
i am overall a very sensitive person, if my husband makes a snide comment about anything minor, it feels for me like he attacked me.
sounds crazy right?
i know...my feelings are hurt very quickly and i take everything to a heart quickly... and comments like: you are being too dramatic, you are too sensitive, you are being such a pain for everyone, you are being annoying... this feels like a dagger to me...i feel like they accuse me, of doing this on purpose, but i can’t help it and can’t change it, i don’t even know how to begin to change this.
like when my husband tells me: stop being so sensitive... then please tell me how?
i try to explain my view and why it hurt my feeling, but it seems to just make it worse, because mostly people don’t understand it and worst that came back is: your perception is wrongand if they tell you this often enough, you start to believe them and question what’s wrong with you...i wonder if i am the only one who is being extremely weird like this and how you handle this... thank you
1 thing i keep hearing is "abuser", why am i an abuser?
how?
i share my feelings, my thoughts how on earth am i abusing you?
i make a mistake i try to correct it, it makes no difference because mindset is "you're an abuser", but i'm not, i'm the 1 single person that would die for you, without a hesitation, i'm being honest, honesty is not abusive.
i have said shit in the past that i have apologised for but let shit go and stop holding me accountable after 2 years, i care about you, you mean smth to me, many many times you're the reason why i didn't manage to convince myself to just go ahead end everything.
why can't you understand you are precious to me and i'm not abusing you, i'm being honest and respectful and sharing my honest opinion on the topic.
you have been honest with me too, about things that have destroyed me but i didn't call you abuser, how on earth does that make sense?
i came to conclusion that everything you've done for me may it be paid by god cuz according to everything, i'm out of anyones reach and probably people are out there to get me, if so i'll make you and everyone around me happy by not existing.
i don't need a life where people call me abuser and try to stop my life from getting further behind my back.
i'm done with everything, fuck off, and everyone that ever saw or met me, just fuck off, be fucking happy, you all deserve it, now that i'll be gone you can finally get that inner peace, finally reach your goals, i'll help you all with the final push cuz honestly i'm kinda lazy so i'm no good for anything anyway, basically doing world a favour.
this retard here is out
so i used to listen to that logic song when i was deep in my depression.
the one about wanting to die.
at the end of the song there’s that verse “i finally wanna be alive, i don’t wanna die anymore” i used to sob at the part thinking i would never feel that way.
not being able to remember a time where i didn’t feel like i just wanted to end it all.
due to my amazing partner and close friends encouraging me to get help, i am in a completely different place in my life now.
i’ve been on medication for a little over a year now and was in therapy as well for about 6 months.
i was in my car listening to my music and the song came on again.
i had that realization that i finally want to be alive.
i made it and i never thought i would.
i can get out of bed.
i love feeling the sun on my face and the smell of fresh air in the morning.
it’s the little things that i was never able to appreciate that i relish so much now.
i know when you’re in that dark place it seems absurd and insulting for someone to tell you there is hope.
that it will get better.
if that’s you right now i just want to tell you i get it.
i understand.
just go on one more day.
there is hope.
there is help out there and people who love you even if it’s not your family.
your people are out there.
there is help out there.
don’t give up.
my mental health is at an all time low.
i've been spending days paralyzed, scrolling through my phone, unable to get started on my papers due next week.
it's not a choice.
whenever i push myself a bit harder, i break.
i catch myself pacing all over the room grasping my hair like people in movies.
the girls from university i hung out with once have been seeing each other regularly while i haven't heard a word from any of them since.
i feel utterly worthless.
my eating habits are all over the place and i only showered once last week.
i don't know what happened.
anxiety attacks, nightmares, headaches, self harm, insomnia, sleeping through my alarm, crying and screaming in a pillow, you name it, i've been there.
i'm clueless as to what to do.
there have been so, so many ups and downs, it's a complete rollercoaster.
if you were to ask me to describe how i've been doing in one word it would be "insanity".
i feel so unstable and can not trust myself when it comes to knowing where i'm at in life.
i don't have an objective view on reality.
one day i think i've been doing horrible for weeks and the next i'll think i had a bad day before, but i'm generally a happy person improving her life.
this time it's not just a bad hour, day or even week.
the nightmares, anxiety attacks and self harm are new to me and if headaches are linked to my mental state, so are they.
i would love to get euthanized because i'm deteriorating so quickly i think i'll be non-verbal and restrained in a mental hospital in a week or two.
i'm absolutely losing my mind.
i have been lying to myself for years now.
i look into the future and i see nothing but more stress and pain, i’ve already lost  one of friends (passed away) and my best friend who i lived with kicked me out and told me he didn’t care what happened to me.
idk why bad things constantly happen to me?
i ask myself everyday if i should kill myself but i’m to scared.
i have a criminal record now and i’m trying to complete college with only semester in and i’m 22. i feel like a failure like a pathetic shell of my former self but my former self wasn’t great either.
if anyone feels this way please comment.
i need to know if someone can relate at all i’m losing friends left and right cause everyone graduated and i’m just here.
i don’t weans to let my anxiety win but i don’t want o be tired anymore.
words can't even begin to describe how awful i'm feeling rn, the last days have followed the same patterns and a i anticipate the coming days will be very much the same, i keep sitting on my computer the whole day, i try to finish my work, but i'm very distracted, i don't know what i expect from venting online, it never changes a thing, but it's the only thing i can do rn, i hate that i have to do it.
my father died in a motorcycle accident 3 years ago.
2 years ago is when i started noticing a huge change in my emotions constantly.
every few weeks, or days, i would have a feeling of just emptiness and hopelessness, feeling as if life had no meaning or purpose.
i sometimes sit in my room, degrading my self and contemplating suicide, but right when i have those thoughts i get scared of death and what comes after it.
i just turned 15 and i am lucky enough to say my dad had a huge impact on my life (beneficially).
i don’t talk about my emotions with friends because they just wouldn’t understand and it would just get awkward.
i miss my dad so much.
hi, so i dont really know if this fits into r/depression but im gonna say it anyways.
so i have depression and recently ive been completely emotionally shutting down.
i dont know why but i shut down a lot.
i feel like my empathy fluctuates a lot and everytime i get a thought to empahisise with others and have normal human emotions, my mind is like no and shuts down.
even now as im typing this my mind is telling me i'm just faking saying this and i'm an evil person.
is that a common thing with depression, like not wanting to feel emotions or am i a pyschopath or something&gt;any replies would be appreicated ty x
why does anyone bother with anything anymore, just listening to people makes me feel sick
it’s been 4 years since i graduated high school, and i’ve only finished one semester of college.. i have seriously bad anxiety and depression.
it didn’t get this  bad until my girlfriend cheated on me and ghosted me without a trace in 2018,only to reappear with faked text messages of me threatening her and a warrant for my arrest.
i was charged with stalking and unlawful posting of a message.
it’s been 3 years since and i want to disappear.
i’ve almost completed probation but i have lost so many people and two of my closest friends are gone.
i don’t know who to talk to anymore, what to do anymore, i’m stuck in this repeating cycle and idk how to end it.
i've been thinking on a very deep level and reevaluating everything and everyone from my life.
and i can honestly say nobody else has put in as much effort as i have to be friendly, positive, a presence, the dependable one, the reliable one, the honest one, loyal, trustworthy, responsible, or unconditionally loving.
i realized i've given way too much of myself to people who never reach out to check in on me and ask how i'm doing.
or if i'm even okay for that matter.
the only person who actually did do this once this past year was my 1st ex's mother (whom i considered a friend), but she really just called to try to dig for information regarding my mother (a now ex-friend of hers).
so really nobody really cares about me and yet all my life i was there for everybody else.
and if i hurt someone, i made it up to them 10 fold.
always.
i always tried to never leave bad blood or give anyone else a reason to think ill of me.
today as i've been meditating and really looking into all the connections i have made both past and present i realized, nobody gives a fuck about me.
it was always to get something out of me if they did.
i've never had one person who cared about who i am or what i went through, without having some secret agenda behind their appearances in my life.
i've now learned to hate everyone and want to be alone completely.
i'm starting to give up entirely in the thought of i may find a true friend at least.
i've already given up on love, possibly for now because it's too much of a hassle and i have healing to do.
but really it's true what they say, we are born into this world alone and we die alone.
i just didnt know i'd have to live everything in the middle of that completely alone too.
i'm seriously considering leaving social media for good and just ghosting everyone who calls themself my "friend" for a while.
it would be nice to be in my own company where nobody expects anything of me, and if i'm facing something hard at least i'll know i'll have the only person that has ever given a damn about how i'm feeling and is strong enough to help me through it a step at a time - that person is me.
i'm over all the superficiality, all the favors, all the fake ass people who call themselves my friends, all the dishonesty, all the expectations.
i'm through with all of it.
i guess this is my hiatus for a long while and last post.
basically, although i’ve had particularly low points over the course of this year and the past year, generally i don’t have sadness, or anger, or any of that, and if i do, it’s simplified.
simplified in that, it’s like a hollow, uncomplicated expression of it, almost like a what a kid would have?
it’s almost like a regression in that way i suppose.
but, generally i’m anhedonic, things like humor are near impossible to understand anymore, and i don’t really get true joy from conversations or any of that.
music, movies, etc also barely elicit anything (though it’s especially noticeable with music, as it used to evoke so much emotion and pleasure, and now it barely sounds like anything).
my mood can brighten when good things happen, but, i can’t say it means i’m returning to any semblance of normalcy when it happens.
my memory is totally shot, and i live in a constant hazy mental state, coupled with a flattened dulled perception of the world around me.
i used to have constant daily anxiety, but that’s gone completely now, and been replaced with this.
i honestly miss it though, i miss my perception and i miss genuinely feeling passionate and alive and stimulated.
fatigue, dullness, &amp; constant physical sensations, are the new norm.
my new personality is only a fraction of what there had been.
hell, i don’t even feel like an adult anymore.
it’s baffling
i’m so frustrated right now.
i was doing so well for the past few months.
i came close to the s word in january, but (obviously) didn’t follow through.
life got better after that episode.
now the past two days have just been brutal.
i cry.
i have no energy.
my appetite isn’t the same.
i’m irritable.
i feel like i’m back to my starting place and it’s so draining.
why can’t i just be normal?
i know we aren’t supposed to compare and i know no one is “perfect”, but everyone in my circle is doing so great.
i feel like i’m doomed to be the outcast and it’s so defeating.
i’m 21, male and live in the uk.
i feel so so lost and don’t know where to turn to.
i currently work in a supermarket and live at home with my mum and her boyfriend who are both good to me, i’ve suffered from mental health issues in the past and currently suffering from a bout of depression now.
i’m grateful for so much like the fact i have a great friendship group, great family, a girlfriend, a roof over my head and food on the table however i just feel so lost and need some advice on finding a new career.
i didn’t go to uni due to mental health reasons however all my friends are there and i feel so jealous seeing them partying everyday whilst i wake up at 4am to go to a dead end job.
basically i feel like i’m missing out on life, people around me have all moved out and are getting decent jobs and making the most of their time here.
even my own girlfriend is a model who lives in london earning good money which makes me feel shit about my life.
i just need help as i don’t know how to look for a new job as i don’t know what i like and i don’t have the confidence to do anything.
i’m seriously stuck feeling like i’m missing out on my youth sleeping all day after work having suicidal thoughts.
i want to feel fulfilled with a purpose.
everyday i wake up dreading going to work.
this is because it hurts seeing you, knowing i will never tell you  how j feel.
and i can't, because i don't want want to loose your job..im loosing my mind at work, which is making me want to quit.
but then i wouldn't see you again..in all of my life, you are the prettiest person around me.
you are everything i want in someone.
you are nice, caring, beautiful,  radiant,  and i belive we have everything in common.
it hurts to say this but i have fallen for you.
i dream about you everyday night, and not a second goes by i think of how beautiful your name is.
/endrant
i think the medication is helping me but they said i can’t get more unless i attend my appointments which is hard for me because i work 3rd shift.
i’ll try and get more i i forget about my appointments to i had it in my phone but i was asleep i guess i should have set an alarm.
if i can’t get more i guess i’ll just go back to the way i was cutting my until someone cares i guess.
i’m not really good at talking i’m really shy and awkward i’m the one who went there nobody forced me to try and get help all i want is the medication.
the depression has gotten worse these past few months i can’t handle it i started cutting myself.
i just want to keep taking these pills because they seem to be helping a little bit which is huge because the pain is unbearable at time and it still is i can feel it but still think it’s doing something
i’m a freshman in highschool and recently my mental health has been hell.
i’m in a depressive episode and i’ve broke down 4 times today, including trying to self harm in the bathroom during school.
how am i supposed to cope with this and get anything done?
i’m already on medication.
i just want a break from all this - i just want to be happy and successful, not bawling my eyes out in a bathroom that smells like weed.
what can i do?
hi there.
i feel awkward already, eheh.
i just found this subreddit today, but i felt like venting about something regarding my depression.
i know that i have silly reasons for being depressed and used to complain about it a month or two ago to friends who i thought wanted to know and help, but it turned out that all i was doing by saying how i was was just hurting them, bringing down their mood, worrying them.
i tried to commiserate with another depressed individual, but all i did was get angry when i shouldn't have.
i tried so hard to explain and apologized multiple times (i was stressed and it wasn't even a full day, i snapped and regretted it instantly after) but they haven't forgiven me.
i'm trying to move on with life, but they're in my group chat and it's so awkward.
it's been a couple of weeks, but all of a sudden i'm thinking about how lonely i am.
that no one but one person has bothered to ask me how i am except for my family.
that no one cares about talking to me and just forgets that i'm there.
people don't want to hear about how i really am and if they ask i just avoid because it's better that way.
a few weeks ago i dragged myself out of a month-long episode and had a very short one that week i had the argument (i felt toxic and worthless and like they had a hundred times better reasons than i did for being depressed).
now i feel myself slipping into another episode.
i feel so alone and unworthy right now.
background information that i didn't want to put up top?
uhhhhh....i'm a fresh 16 y/o f who's been depressed for four years.
please, if anyone wants to talk below, i'm happy to talk.
sounds stupid but i just wish there was a way of making people forget about you when you die.
the only thing that holds me back every time is the sorrow they’ll feel.
but i get tired of feeling empty and feeling like there’s nothing here for me and that my only purpose in life is to be there for the people around me by being useful/helpful and kind to them when they need it.
and maybe that’s the only thing that i’m meant to be here for.
and yes you can say that other things might come in the future but there’s the same probability that they won’t and i’m just too tired to stay around to find out which one of those are going to be my outcome.
or if i could leave a clone and have them never notice.
hi guys so i'm a little confused,am i just paranoid / experiencing a lot of cognitive distortions or am i being manipulated / psychologically abused by one of my best friends and ex-roomiesone of my best friends and ex-roommates (who has bpd) and i enjoy a very close but at some points rather tumultuous relationship especially when we are both on edge.
part of her job is managing creative talents (including some social media influencers with larger follows who we've all become friends with).
recently we went out for my birthday weekend and one of her talents reacted really poorly.
stating she didn't like people coming up to her / taking pictures, being recognized and she was having a panic attack.
this ended with lots of drama and conversations on all sides.
especially because it was my birthday weekend.
i did talk to her but my old roommate said i didn't press her enough / that she "wasn't a god because of her social media" (something i never said or implied but have been internally worried they think i view her as).
after a week bender + because of extreme stress and a potentially hypomanic episode i went to the hospital, stayed overnight and got medication.
when i told this to my ex-roomie she exclaimed "you went to the psych ward!?"
which automatically felt judgmental.
after hearing that i immediately shut down and didn't want to elaborate on the points that got me there, we agreed to call later.
i spoke to her last night, and she randomly brought up that she had spoken to our friend and that she wasn't mad at me that she felt "i think they thought i was upset with them when they were really just soaking up the vibes of the night."
to which i said was she irritated/ she sounded irritated (an assumption).
my ex-roomie immediately got defensive and said "that's just not what i said at all, i don't know what's going on with you and i this isn't the kind of conversation i was trying to have with you i just got home" , i apologized and re-framed what i said, she told me she didn't believe the doctors at the hospital and due to my defense and what she was telling me that she was "very worried about my perception at the moment whether that was helpful for me to hear or not'she seemed very angry with me and if felt like there was subtle jabs that had enough plausible deniability behind them that if i were to point them out 1) i could be easily mistaken 2) be denied outright along with "why do you personalize everything" or 3) "like i said i think your perceiving things that aren't attacks right now as such / making assumptions" (all very hard to rationalize but part of me says this all sounds true, i am paranoid and another part says your being manipulated / gaslight and i can't trust eithermy ex-roomie also later put on her story: caring about being popular online is like sitting at the cool table in the cafeteria at a mental hospitalshe has also made the entirety of her instagram story/bio dedicated to a socio-political topic she knows i find delicate / difficult to talk about(i just find the timing of all of this reactionary but that might just be because i feel on edge which is what i will be told if i confront her on such)
brief story of my life i was a kid who was always wanting for stuffs that parents can't even afford.
i dropped out high school and self isolated for years.
i played video games and made some digital arts with no directions.
i was diagnosed with bipolar disorder at the age of fourteen.
i did take pills but i didn't accept that i'm mentally ill person.
but then, something changed my perception of life; i wanted to move to another town instead of drowning my self in isolation and start a new life.
i did and i found a girl.
she was my first ever love that could be official said as a girlfriend.
we were very fond of each other at the start.
i quit consuming medication.
later on, shits happened...we started fighting on petty things.
we fought a lot, and then we broke up at last.
i started doubting myself that i should seek medical attention.
so, i did alone...it was the day when i accepted that i am bipolar patient.
now, i realized which episode i was having or how to cope with mania and bipolar depression.
despite the fact that i lost control when i was in dysphoric mania, i'm still okay.
i am always learning about myself so i can face my inner demons.
it's so much difficult for a human to manage mental illnesses so...please, be kind to people who have those.
so i’m in a better place now, but i get weirdly nostalgic for my depressive episodes when i could just be alone and lay in bed all day and be sad, even though it was a painful time.
i’m not sure if it’s because i miss being alone or if it’s cause i actually felt more then.
even though i’m in a better place now and don’t experience lows, i don’t experience highs either.
i’m generally all around mellow because of my meds which is good for my overall health.
but yeah idk...is it normal to miss your depression?
my partner told me today that they are depressed.
what can i do to help?
i’m really hoping this is a step in the right direction to feeling better.
nervous about pills and stuff but i hope this helps at least a little.
wish me luck!
every time i stay inside i feel like my body breaks and breaks until the last part
lately, i've been fine, can't complain.
i have my happy and my sad moments, ofc, and my mood is pretty easily shaken, but i'd say i've been happier overall than other times.
however, when i'm feeling slightly inconvenienced or stressed, i immediately start thinking of ways of killing myself.
i'm having one of those right now.
and it's not like a simple "call of the void" type of thought (tho i do get those too ofc), but more like: let's be real, most of the shit that needs fixing in my life is my shit, and that shit ain't gonna change any time soon , it's part of my identity.
so let's just erase that.
i have a girlfriend, i really want to live my life with her.
but i feel like i shouldn't keep wasting her time like this.
she should be with an actual human being, one that will actually last her a lifetime.
if a plate is broken, you don't repair it.
dump it, get a new one.
even though everything is so much better, i don't see any way of fixing myself at this point: maybe it wasn't even a possibility to begin with
i’ve had depression spouts for a lot of my life but had a really bad one 2 years ago triggered by a tragic life event that i needed to get tms to fix.
i’m doing good now but i’m tired of the sexual side effects and feeling ‘clipped’ where it feels like i can’t experience the full range of life.
i’ve been treating it holistically in addition to snris now with sunlight, walks, cardio, good food, and a micro dose of shrooms.
but i still feel like my range of emotions is clipped and my brain is foggy.
i’m seriously considering just stopping fetzima all together, maybe doing something like wellbutrin instead if i feel like i still need a crutch, but i’m worried i might crash.
any suggestions?
i’m talking with my tms provider and my primary psychiatrist to get their opinions but wanted some input from the community as well.
about 8 months ago mom got me a dog i did not ask for.
realized today that i am a terrible owner and my dog is growing up to be aggressive, fearful, and anxious.
i hate myself.
if i kill myself now no one will love this dog like i do cuz my family dont really care like i care about him.
hello, i hope this post gets approved 😢i’m helping a friend to raise fund.
she was drugged and raped.
the police set the rapist free with no charge, despite all the mental pain that my friend has to go through.
she has done all the medical report to prove that she was raped, but nothing was done by the police.
this rapist was very tricky that he hid all the evidences before the police came.
her case got a closure at the shortest period of time.
currently, my friend is emotionally unstable because she knew the rapist is still around.
please get this to attention of media and help my friend to win this case.
p.s.
no name was mentioned in this story because my friend is waiting to get gag order before releasing the rapist’s photo and name.
please let this world be free of sexual rapes and not let rapist continue to hurt another lady.
[gogetfunding to stop rapist link: here]( thank you!
context:   im a 15y/o british/pakistani male in england, i've had depression for 4-5 years at this point and havent told anybody apart from my closest friends.
i found out i had depression when i told my parents i was going to see a friend and went to see a professional (cant remember the name for them sorry).
i also have horrible self esteem issuesto be honest, i feel like i just cant live like this anymore.
i feel like ending it all but i just cant...everytime i get close to ending my suffering, ending my eternal pain, i just cant.
its like my brain just blocks me out of doing it.
i also dont want my parents or other family to grieve for me because i dont feel like i deserve their tears.
does anybody have any idea on how to kill myself and make sure nobody cries or mourns for me
(tw: eating disorder/suicidal thoughts/sexual assault/abuse)i relapsed again.
i took a medication which made me not feel hunger and it made me happy to not think about how gross i am when i eat or how fat i get.
unfortunately, i got a skull crushing migraine due to that, so i might just sit and wait it out.
i've cried 2x today because of how i feel.
i haven't showered in 3-4 days, i have lower abdomen pain that feels as if someone is dragging a dagger through me and i barely wash my face anymore.
i just lay in bed and i feel that i'm a burden.
i've tried many times to strangle myself with a cord or drown myself, but it always failed due to me being scared/being a pussy.
i refuse to tell my mother or sister about this as they will say "haha, same" or "stop lying/telling people about this"i'm afraid to eat because i don't want the nausea to overflood me or for me to be triggered by how fat i am.
i do weightlifting, but i can't push myself due to a broken foot and that sucks.
i'm so tired of being in pain everyday.
every time i think about how i've been physically, mentally and verbally abused, i cry until i either a.)
fall asleep or b.)
become dehydrated and lay there.
i still blame myself for that girl stroking my thigh without consent and the fact that she was very creepy/stalker-like to me; sending me drawings of dead animals filled with candy and leaving me voicemails of her giggling, singing and screaming my name "saying do it!
do it!".
i honestly hope i can find peace and be happy.
a lot of people don’t understand depression.
you can want to get help but simply be unable to do so, that’s what makes depression so insidious.
it’s not as easy as just wanting to get better.
i'm a police officer with depression.
they were already reluctant to hire me but i told them my depression is mild.
if they knew how depressed and suicidal i really am, then i'd lose my job in a heartbeat which is not an option for me.
anyone in similar situations?
are they anyways to anonymously get help?
i mean really anonymous, hotlines can still call police if you're at risk of suicide :(love you all fellow sub members &lt;3
sure, the thought that my neighbor is spying on me with intent to kill is scary, but it would make everything so much easier.
 i'm too much of a coward to try to do myself in and too much of a clumsy idiot to succeed, being murdered is clearly the best option.
lets all be mature and understand this.
i dont see the point in love, because life always ends in death.
so even if you fall in love that feeling of them leaving you will always become true.
life always ends up in someone leaving you.
please dont get to attached to someone.
they said get yo life together and you won’t be depressed anymore.
so i got a job, passed my drivers license and got my grades up managing to quit therapy a year ago.
everything should be fine right?
no!
i‘m numb, i wanna die and i fucking hate my life wtf y’all lied and i don’t care anymore what’s happening fuck this i’m disappointed
at this point i begin to feel emotionless i can't force myself to cry anymore.. it's bad i think every night how i could kill myself the most painless way... i can't do this anymore my room smells,feels and looks like shit i get a lot of panic attacks...im very paranoid to the point where i can't sleep... my parents fight every day my dad who is always right and always smells like he drank 20 beers,and my mom who is a drama queen and nags about everything...e.v.e.r.y.t.h.i.n.g .
i hate myself i really just wanna sleep for ever
to summarize, i’m a 19 year old and i recently just lost my entire life savings made from investing (130k).
i worked all of my life and saved as much as possible.
this situation has left me very hopeless and depressed.
i think i put a lot of my self worth in my net-worth and it made me feel really good knowing i had a lot to fall back on.
i’m looking for some advice or guidance, i can’t afford a therapist because i’m dead broke.
i don't know why this happens to me so damn much.
my parents have to constantly be behind me in order for me not to fuck up and i do anyways.
example:yesturday i was with my biological mom and since she recently had covid i talked to her in person but at my stepmothers house which is the one i'm staying at right now.
i let her in the garage and we talked for a bit at a safe distance with our masks on, and then i took a picture with her.
thing is she stepped on the part of the floor that wasn't supposed to be stepped on (because covid) and i didn't step on it but my stepmom did, and i forgot to tell her that my mother stepped on there and well, today she was lecturing me mid class because i didn't tell her anything and i could have gotten covid all over the house.
so she went and cleaned all the house entirely and since i felt guilty and asked her if she needed help, she said "why would i need your help if your always fucking up?"
then when i was making my biological mother's cake, i didn't look and i put frosting on the wrong side of the cake, normally, to me, i would just have laughed it off and see what solutions are available, but my stepmother kept on telling me how i wasnt observant, why didnt i ask, why didnt i tell her, and kept remembering why i was bad in school, my exams (which i'm really not, i just make simple mistakes but they can be fixed easily) in my chores, in my whole damn life basically and just for a goddamb cake and i can't say anything because she gets pissed off.
i feel like i'm constantly losing her trust and fucking up with my stepmom constantly.
don't get me wrong i appreciate everything she does for me and my dad, and my grandma etc.
i really love her for that.
but this is not the first time i fuck up.
she has more expectations from me that i stupidly cant reach, i swear, it's the easiest things she's asking from me but i can't seem to do them.
(mabye i have adhd?)
she asks for me to be more observant, focus on things, leave my phone, be good in school, have hobbies that i actually am 100% good at, think about a career, what i wanna do with my life and how, not be distracted by literally anything, lose weight, do exercise daily, do my study guides and study alot, not fail any class, get an 8.5 and up on my grades, learn how to clean super well, learn how to cook superwell, pray when i wake up and when i go to sleep, go to sunday church, not waste any second of my time, not waste my teenage years, dont fuck up in anything, have friends but dont spend too much time with them because theyre distracting you, be girly, socialize, learn how to pretty yourself up, do all your homework etc.
it's really all basic things, but i can't manage to please her ever and i don't know what to do at this point, mabye i haven't tried my hardest but i swear i'm trying.
when she was young she did alot of things, at 15 she was smarter than i am right now and more awake and woke.
mabye that's why she has high expectations for me but i swear they all sound so goddamn easy but i manage to fuck up somehow every time and get lectures from her pretty much almost daily, even if its just a sentence or two but there's always something i'm not doing right.
i don't get it, when i'm by myself and try things, honestly, i usually do them just fine.
i learned how to draw by myself and with youtube, learned how to braid my hair pretty, learned how to put on makeup that fits me, learn how to clean, cook, and try out new things like sculpt an clay earring.
yes, i fucked up countless times, but i didn't care, as long as i could fix that mistake and cheer myself up and keep trying, i was and am completely fine.
that's the mentallity i have, but for my stepmom it's not the same.
i'm seriously thinking about going to my biological moms house, even though she has problems, even though she doesnt live in the best conditions because she had depression and still has some sequels, even though shes a really dirty person cleaning wise and she has menopause, even though she recently had covid and always goes out.
i really don't want to keep hurting my stepmom and not living to her expectations.
i really don't want her to keep struggling with me this much.
please help me reddit i don't know what to do i'm stuck.
i pray so much to god and i know his times are right but, i'm getting really desperate :( thank you for reading i appreciate you &lt;3
i’m looking for people’s advice and ideas for easy, quick, simple meals that aren’t complete garbage for my health.
i’m talking things i can throw in a microwave or the oven for a few minutes.
frozen appetizers or snacks, prepackaged foods, 3 or 5 ingredient very fast recipes, etc.
things i can make when i have no motivation or time or energy but need to just get some calories in me that aren’t terrible for my health and are slightly sustaining.
things that make very minimal dishes and don’t take a lot of time.
some examples of what i’m looking for might include mug recipes, snack balls, even smoothies.
please share your depression go-tos.
i'm just looking forward to death .
i cant do this anymore.
edit 1- everyday i wake up trying to see it as a new day but by the end of the day i find myself wishing to just die .
« hate »  i hate being lonely,  there’s nobody to love me  even though i love  when they’re not here to judge me  i hate to talk,  i can’t pretend  i hate the kids,  i hate their needs  i hate to love  and i love to hate  i hate being alive,  i hate to have to die  i hate the world,  the world is hate  so many words yet  the word is "hate"  i hate others,  i hate myself  i hate my life,  i’ll love my death   vic
anybody else tired of everyone hating you for expressing your opinion or being yourself?
it seems like i’m bound to become one of the most hated humans on earth.....
i’ve just been so depressed these past few days and it doesn’t help with my weight gaining program.
i wanna work on myself physically bc i just can’t compete with a friend of mines who my crush likes.
he’s like the standard pretty face boy that every girl wants and i just wanted this one girl to like me back but ofc the moment i introduced them two to eachother it was just a lost cause for me: and the idea that i won’t ever be able to compete against guys who are just naturally pretty just makes me think fuck all of this self improvement since it won’t help me anyways.
i just needed to rant and reddit tends to be my safe spot.
my apologies
i’m tired.
exhausted.
i’m suffering so much.
i put a smile on my face but inside i’m dying.
deteriorating from the inside out.
nothing comforts me.
i’m just floating in this world constantly crawling out of my skin.
please help.
no ones listening.
youre still that one person that comes to mind when im effed up and want a shoulder to cry on :)
at a mental hospital near where i live, doctors were performing ect treatments (electro convulsive therapy) on patients.
i’ve seen some be extremely depressed and then come out of it very happy.
it was strange seeing people who were usually quiet and stayed alone turn into someone who is laughing and cracking jokes often.
it seemed kinda like brainwashing.
i was wondering if anyone here has tried it and if it helped or didn’t help them.
hey, i am not doing so good like the rest of you and i was thinking of telling my friend about everything that i have done cause recently everything has been going terribly, is this the right thing to do?
or will this cause him to mabye leave or something cause i feel like he is my only friends that i could possibly open up to about this stuff.
and if we fell out then idk what i would do.
sorry if this didn't make any sense but any advice would help.
picking up the piles of dirty laundry.
cleaning the mountain of dishes, noticing the fruit flies.
seeing the bottom of my sink for the first time in weeks, it’s dirty.
flossing my teeth again, gums bleeding like hell.
answering messages from weeks ago.
starting a new to do list for work, getting back to angry clients.
throwing out the wasted rotted groceries in the fridge and making a new shopping list.
replacing the dead battery in the clock that’s been at 7:44 since there was snow on the ground.
looking around, noticing.
breathing out, seeing again.
but this time it’s different.
this time im not making space for doubt, for gaslighting myself into thinking that just because i feel better now doesn’t mean i wasn’t feeling bad before.
and when i can start believing i’m struggling with something that i didn’t just make up, that isn’t fabricated, i can start undoing the greater collateral damage that’s done through self punishment, and maybe make space for self compassion instead.
it’s hard.
it’s hard because it’s real.
i left all of my friends and moved across the country with my ex boyfriend.
everyone stopped talking to me and now we’re breaking up and i don’t know.
follow my instagram maybe xbabybeax
19m.
i’ve never really had any mental health issues and thought i would never have any until about a year and a half ago.
since then i’ve had on and off depression.
high-functioning perhaps.
i’ll feel so down for a few weeks but still manage to get out of bed and leave my house but just feel completely numb to everything.
and then i’ll feel the opposite and feel like my life is perfect even though i know it’s far from perfect.
but over the last 3/4 weeks the depression has come back again, after quite a while this time.
i thought i was okay for good but no.
this time it feels different.
i’m having a lot of relationship issues which could very well be the cause of it coming back.
i strongly dislike my dad who i live with (my mum passed away when i was 13), and my friends aren’t exactly the sort of friends to get me out of a dark place.
i don’t speak to them about my mental health at all.
tbh the only person i ever open up to is my girlfriend and i don’t even feel like i can do that anymore.
i was thinking about who would actually be bothered if i died and in all honestly i don’t think anyone would be too bothered.
everyone seems to always have an issue with me no matter what i do, whether it’s my dad or my girlfriend.
i feel completely worthless and although i’ve never got to the point where i’d genuinely think about ending my life, it’s a thought that has regularly been in my mind recently.
i have no one to talk to about my struggles anymore, i feel completely worthless to everyone in every way possible.
i’m at the point where i’m constantly feeling negative and down about everything, there seems to be nothing positive about my life at all no matter how long i wait.
if anything it just seems to get worse.
i’ve been thinking about seeing a doctor but then i’ll bottle it due to my anxiety (another issue i face🤦‍♂️).
to be honest i’m losing the will to live.
i used to be unable to feel anything, i had no sympathy or empathy, i rarely felt anything more than mild sadness or the rare moment of mild happiness.
but after finally breaking out of that now everything feels so so intense i just want to retreat back into myself and regain my lost apathy even though i know i shouldnt.
i know i'll hate it but i just don't know how to deal with the stuff i'm feeling now.
everything feels forgein and i feel so out of place everything makes me want to cry and i feel so overwhelmed.
if anybody's dealt with this before or has some advice on how to deal with this, please let me know.
i feel so empty.
my life is just a reckless pursuit of pleasure and i feel that's all i have.
i know exactly what i have to do to move forward in my life, but it doesn't excite or motivate me one bit.
it just feels like another chore.
my loneliness makes me want to smash my head against the wall.
i have food, water, shelter, a mother, money, a spiritual community and teachers, good health... but i'm empty inside.
the question rings in my head over and over, "what does marc enjoy doing?".
i'm tired of going for walks and doing exercises just to distract myself.
i'm tired of abusing and exposing myself just for attention, just to feel like i'm alive.
can anyone hear me?
i'm lying in bed wondering what the fck to do with myself.
why is the universe asking me to give up everything.
i’m not quite sure if it’s the correct subreddit to share this but i’m currently giving zero fucks about it anyway.
not because that i’m apathetic but more has to do with the brutal honesty moment to myself i’m in.
to sum up in a couple of commas; raised by a psychopathic dad until my mom finally decided to get the f out, changed at least 4 cities growing up one including a mild earthquake, still can’t shake the feeling that i’m not enough, can’t see any of the entitlements on my name -politics student, young unapologetic female etc.-, still unconsciously holding a grudge to my mom for her marriage because she brushes it under the rug like it never happened, repeating the same trauma bond cycle in my relationships -including the relationship i have with my own- and doing it with much awareness, can’t accept the public psychosis this world is going through, can’t feel belonged yet getting attached even the slightest appreciation i find which almost always turns into falls hopes.
i’m unconsciously trying to build my own family in all my relationships, sacrificing too much for nothing.
the last one was the most vulnerable i have found myself into... the day i found out to be pregnant from my now ex was the same day he found out his mom has terminal cancer.
gone through abortion alone but visited him in his hometown just that i felt he needed a hug with no money to even buy a ticket.
yeah uhm he was mad i asked for him to bring a mug to the motel i stayed when i was there, started playing the “cancer card” for every irrelevant scenario.
the agony i’ve felt when i realized he wasn’t going to be my family too was so severe when i closed my eyes i remembered my dad.
i remembered him saying me to do it right next time when i attempted suicide for the third time of that month.
i remembered the ground shaking, i remembered to never have been enough.
my vision was so psychotic that i saw only two options: numb yourself &amp; forget it or find a rooftop to fall from because i was always so scared of the heights it would be a middle finger kind of end of this world.
it must be the survival instinct that i chose the first option, found an evil psych to prescribe me xan and ritalin.
it has been almost 4 months now; i don’t know how many bottles of wine, how many cans of beer, how much gram of weed or how many films of cocktail effexor, xanax, seroquel and ritalin i have consumed.
the interesting part is since i have a solution ready in my hand for every possible situation -too much speed?
take a xan.
too much vivid dreams take a seroquel.
problem with gaba receptors take an effexor.
i never feel wasted.
did i forget what happened?
not inclusively, no.
am i fucking myself up?
i don’t know school is fine, no family issues, just locked down in a bad economy.
still feeling alienated?
checked.
where do i belong?
not checked, the worst uncertainty i can’t stand...so yeah...i don’t even know what i’m trying to say here.
but yeah...
i have such an important exam tomorrow but even if i do well, i'll have no one to celebrate with me or be happy for me.
rn i'm extremely anxious and i wish i could talk to someone, someone who could convince me that i can do it or at least someone who will just listen and be there.
i've somehow managed to lose all of my friends over the past few weeks.
i stopped constantly reaching out and not a single person has called me or asked me how i feel ever since.
it hurts so much knowing that no one really cares.
it feels like i'll be alone forever.
and i don't think i can deal with life on my own, i'm just too weak.
it's too much.
it's scary and painful.
i don't remember the last time i felt happiness.
i don't remember the last time i went to sleep not feeling anxious.
i can't remember waking up with a will to live, with a feeling that something good might happen.
i've lost my faith, i've lost my interests.
i just passively exist, having zero impact on my own life.
it's as if someone else is making these choices for me, as if i'm just an observer.
i'm losing touch with reality, living in my own world most of the time.
that's my safe place.
i feel like i'm fading away more and more every day.
i just want to feel something again.
i want to love someone, or hate someone, or laugh with someone, or be angry.
i want to feel something other than anxiety and sadness.
i want my heart to be full again.
i miss that so much.
broken heart is better than empty one.
maybe i just think too much, or expect too much from others.
perhaps i'm just crazy.
whatever it is, it's killing me.
i don't want to deal with it anymore.
usually feel better when talking to someone going through similar thoughts
i wish i was little and could hug my father everytime i see him ....now it's so hard i wish he told me that he loves me just like before i haven't heard these words since i was 8....
i get better and the week after, i’m at square one.
this battle is demanding.
i don't feel like doing anything, being anything or listening to anybody's bullshit.
if i could lay down and die in my bed for a couple of months, i'd do it.
i hate the feeling of constant anticipation of problems, obstacles and pressure.
i hate it.
it's not even depression at this point, i'm just so tired of dealing with bullshit.
years go fast, but weeks go slow.
very depressed and anxious when ever i’m tired?
whenever and i mean whenever i get less than 8 hours sleep like even if i get 7, the next day is torture and just filled with anxiety and depression and suicidal thoughts.
is this normal or do i have mental health issues?
google says lack of sleep over time can lead to depression and bad mood but nothing about just one night of poor sleep.
like literally any night i have poor sleep i end up depressed and anxious and suicidal even the next day.
sometimes i’m depressed as hell even if i do get good sleep.
the other day i came home one evening, not tired or anything but burst out crying with anxiousness and sadness and felt suicidal.
obviously only a doctor can diagnose me but i haven’t been to one and idk does everyone feel this or does it sound like mental health issues
i only figured out a lot of the symptoms of repressed childhood trauma lined up with me, and now when i think about it i get so frustrated.
i can remember memories with my pets past my move to a different city, but nothing before then even though i got them before the move.
what happened to me back then, i want to know why im so messed up and why my brain is hiding it from me.
okay, so i have held on to this for a very long time, but i think i need to get it off my chest while i'm feeling rational and in an okay frame of mind, but i feel it's too much to dump onto one person.
my emotions have been all over the place for a very long time, though sometimes it's more manageable than others, and i have been unable to discuss my feelings with my family members for fear of upsetting them.
i don't want to do that.
i don't want to upset anybody.
i have been depressed (though undiagnosed) since i was a teenager.
in my twenties, i decided that if by the time i got to my mid-thirties, things had not changed in my life, i was going to end it.
a few months before i had planned to do it, another member of my family committed suicide.
it made me realise just how much of an effect suicide has on others, and i didn't (couldn't) follow through with my plans, and i can't ever do it.
but i still feel the same.
sometimes, i don't want to be alive.
i can't deal with the constant up and down mood, the anxiety, the neediness, the feeling that my existence is an inconvenience to everyone, the feeling that i don't live up to everyone's expectations.
i know a lot of my problems are self-inflicted, but not all of them are, and i wish i knew the answers, but i don't.
sometimes i feel like the self-inflicted side of my problems is the cause, but sometimes i feel like it's the symptom of something deeper that i can't figure out.
either way, though, i'm stuck in this sort of limbo, and i'm tired of it.
does anyone else that's depressed get excitement from puzzles?
most of the online puzzles are too easy and bore me.
i mean ridiculously difficult puzzles that you can focus on trying to solve it instead of feeling depressed?
you know the ones you think about for days and then it comes to you.
not trick questions.
real puzzles.
i’m feeling really lost.
i don’t know what else to say.
friend called me to vent and i either fucked it up or she’s shutting me out for no reason.
i’m lost, what the hell am i supposed to do?
texts below
what should i say to my teacher?
lol
my anxiety will probably cause me to delete this post in a day or so but i’ve struggled a lot lately so i thought i should at least try..i’ve been dealing with my mental illness for my whole adult life.
right now i’m going through a really bad episode and all i want is to be left alone.
if i could i would move away without telling anyone and start a new life.
i barely look at social media, i don’t reach out or respond to my friends, and i haven’t had any social interaction besides with my boyfriend who i live with.
anything outside of work and my weekly errands and chores causes me a lot of anxiety so i try to avoid it .
the problem is that i come from a middle eastern family and my mom is very persistent with ft and phone calls throughout the week.
we live in different states and because of covid i haven’t seen her in person since last january.
it’s been nice being able to use covid as a reason to not wanting to see anyone but my mom won’t give up.
she doesn’t seem to understand that with every phone call i go through a lot of mental stress.
she wants to know if i have anything new to tell her (i don’t) or just talk about anything but this is so hard for me.
just hearing her voice makes me so emotional and a lot of times i just start crying it reminds me of how i’ve stopped responding to all my loved ones messages and never reach out.
it reminds me of lol the pain i’m causing her because i am so distant.
it reminds me of my childhood and her ignoring all the signs because of the stigma of mental health in middle eastern culture.
she knows i’m in pain and wants to know what’s wrong but the relationship is very strained and i don’t feel comfortable telling her that i’m actually feeling really bad.
she thinks sending me multiple texts throughout the day is helping me take my mind off my problems but the reality is that anytime my phone makes a sound i have a breakdown.
i know this sounds all over the place but my brain is feeling like mush rn.
i guess what i’m asking is how have you all dealt with depression and overbearing loved ones?
this guilty feeling is very overwhelming and only hindering any chance of me putting in some effort into feeling better.
like…i’m a short guy.
5’3….most people think i’m a shy asian boy…i’m not.
how do i truly fit in?
like i know there’s “alpha” males but from my research and seeing the back lash, i feel like this is a lie.
like…how do i fit in with hot women?
or attractive dudes?
like, how do i just jump into a group when they….idk how to say it….seem “older”?
like the white girls who are somehow deep into rap or the bro dudes who are just tall and liked by everyone?
what do i have to do to be just like them?
how can people look at me and say, “oh wow he’s definitely his age and he’s not cringey and he has something going for himself”i don’t want to be a loser forever.
i used to draw and attempt to write.
i edited things together, i read books and i ran.
now all i do is play mobile games and wallow in self pity and it’s so fucking horrible, especially as my friends are writing books and making shit.
i’ve tried to get back into my hobbies but it’s so exhausting haha
my parents say that if i dont get my grades up before school ends (2 weeks) im not allowed to have my devices over summer break (3 months).
so we have a few options:1. get my grades up by doing late work (the mentally stable option 🥱)2. show my mom my sh cuts3. kill myselfanyone have any more ideas or am i screwed?
i hate god for creating me.
i don't understand what purpose he has for me, a servant living in eternal pain and spasming at the bottom of this dark pit of pitch.
why do you make me suffer this way, o great one?
you in your eternal mercy, making me fucking  writhe for uselessness, who's sins are redeemed in my suffering then?!
why do i have to suffer for them?!
oh great fucking jehovah, do you tell me now or do i denounce you??????
i'm just at the end of my tether.
no, i'm not religious; just delirious.
i just can't handle it anymore.
i'm finished.
i'm giving up.
i want to die.
college is tearing me in half, six hours, five days a week, over 40 a year, spent in complete agony.
home isn't a happy place anymore.
when talking to my friend the other night about games, they joked that i had no life.
and it hurt, because they're right.
what kind of a life do i fucking live, curling in a ball to avoid the outside world where the only enjoyment i have is fake realities, games?
i was never meant to live in this world.
i just want to be free.
help.
please.
i'm so, so alone.
and i don't want to go alone.
i’m not even afraid anymore.
my life has fallen apart and i have no one.
i understand that this question may seem difficult to answer without any context.
it just feels like society favours those that are beautiful; disregarding those that are deemed as less attractive by society.
i don’t know.
so i (20f) suffer from severe depression.
and sometimes i use alcohol as a "tool" to make me able to do stuff (and make myself happy).
for example once a month i do dishes and clean apartment while drunk because it takes less effort than when u aren't drinking anything.
i just wonder should i mention this to nurse with whom i talk to.
where's the line of doing alcohol occasionally and using it to feel something?
i feel scared i've got past the line and i'm heading to problem with alcohol.
:( i've one episode where i've self harmed myself while drunk (i'm not one to resort to selfharm almost ever.
if you looked at my skin you wouldn't even know i suffer from depression).
also any general tips would be welcome how to live with severe depression.
i'm at university currently, and i'm going to get soon financcial support for people who study with disorder.
so i cannot function like anyone who isn't going through mental health problems.
i would just like to get through university.
i'm on new meds (venlafaxin, known as effexor on some countries) because previous one didn't work but it's still hard to say if new meds work.
when you're 31, mentally unstable, disabled, constantly battling an eating disorder and your younger brother (24, owns a house, has two college degrees and a full time job) passes a judgement on you.
thanks bro.
like i didn't hate myself enough, now i'm going to go binge eat because you told me to have some control over my life.
fuck, i was doing so good this week.
🖕🖕hope everyone else is doing okay today.
one day at a time.
they told me this around the time we broke up.
funny that they never knew before we got together \~10 years ago i'd wished the same thing would happen to me every night.
there was an amazing window of my life where i'd stopped feeling that way, but now that they're gone i'm back to wishing for the same old thing again.
i'm not a risk to myself, but i can't say i'd be upset if things went that way.
i am someone that is lost and confused life seems pointless from where i a stand i seem to not be able to grow up and accept the facts of life , i see what life is and i don’t understand the whys or how’s , my mind is blurred by my emotions and ego and seem to make no decisive decisions i lost all my passions and i’ve lost a dream i once had but now i’ve realized that it’s  too painful to have another dream or passion just for it to be taken from me what is life without a drive when you have no more fuel in your tank i am weak
self harming is a my way of coping.
physically feeling the pain in my wrists and thighs eases my emotional pain.i stayed self harm free for an year and that ended 2 days ago.i don't think i'll be stopping it until i completely forget what pain is.this is the only way i can survive this world
i have never been diagnosed with depression or used this subreddit before, but for the longest time, i've been feeling like i might be depressed.
i've always been nervous to voice this because i don't know where i would go to possibly be diagnosed, and i don't know how a diagnosis would work (questionnaire, blood test, etc?).
i've gone to counseling through my college but found it wasn't for me.
i was wondering if anyone here could tell me how they initially got diagnosed and what they think i should ultimately do.
thank you!
i live with someone who i used to be dead close with.
now she never tells me anything and the only time i hear about stuff is when i overhear stuff on the phone, it genuinely makes me feel like i'm a shell of a person and that i have nothing going on for me.
i genuinely don't see the point in having friends anymore cos they only help you when it suits them so what the fucking point.
i'm on that day.
the day that every small thing is going wrong.
all of them.
but all small things.
so nobody really gives a shit to the fact that those things bother me to hell.
they just assume it's too little so it doesn't matter that i'm hurt.
but i'm still feeling like dieing.
i'm still going crazy and feeling like breaking everything in this house.
i just want to scream and explode so somebody would care.
but that would just make them hate me more.
i should just die at once.
today is the last day of the semester and i have a bunch of outstanding work that isn't feasible for me to get done on time.
i thought maybe i could take more than the prescribed dose of adderall (i have adhd) to kick my brain into gear and cram before the deadline.
here i am a few hours and 120 mg later and i can't get my stupid brain to focus but i feel very jittery.
i don't know what to do with myself.
i told my mom that i was getting good grades and she told me how proud of me she was and i feel like absolute shit.
i've lied about grades before and she's always been disappointed but had a "we can get through this together" attitude but i'm scared she might really give up on me this time.
she's already been through so much lately because her mom died a few months ago and her dad had to go into a rehab clinic.
i don't know what i should do, if i should go to the hospital or just keep taking more until it works?
i hate myself so bad for letting myself get to this point.
hey guys!
i was wondering if any of you use music therapy?
i'm trying to understand how music therapy is used around the world and so i'm wondering how your country uses music therapy?
thanks!
right now, i'm at work... i don't even know why do i keep coming.
i just broke up with my boyfriend, i didn't wanted to hurt him knowing i'm not happy anymore.
today when i was driving to work, i suddenly found myself crying, i just wanted to go back to bed, locked myself and die, no matter how.
i just don't  want to continue driving, coming to work, being alone, crying and i don't want to continue thinking how lonely i am.
i keep looking for love in places i don't belong, like in men who don't love me, neither care for me.
and talking about my ex bf, he sometimes gave me for granted or hitted me, but he didnt hit me so hard.
from a few months ago i can't focus on a certain thought .
for example i want to figure out what i have to do but then there are at least 15 more things that have nothing in common with the thought i want to focus on in my head and everytime there will be some stupid song in the background of my head .
soo because of that i often forget things... is that normal?
please help
i’ve always been the type to sleep in until 2/3pm.
since graduating, i thought i’d try to turn a new leaf and adopt better habits.
now i usually wake up around 10/11am, which is still late by many people’s standards but it’s certainly a change for me.
long story short, it has made me downright miserable.
 trying to find ways to be useful or productive for that length of time, inevitably failing, and feeling so purposeless compared to everyone else.
i can’t stand knowing that everybody is getting so much done and i’m such a waste of space.
i have no fucking purpose.
it’s so much easier to be awake at night because everyone else is asleep and i don’t have to feel guilty about achieving nothing.
does anyone feel this way, or has anybody found a way to work on it?
i feel like any time i try to do something good for myself, my depression turns it into a failed experiment.
am i being a dick or is my housemate genuinely pissing me off.
i have depression and i don't want to be around her and just want to be on my own and i feel like everything she does makes me want to scream
weird anecdote.
i finish a formal exam with thirty minutes to spare.
i look at the wall of the sports hall.
it has a weird brick pattern.
about 200 other people in the room most still going.
what the fuck are we doing?
why?
i'm not necessarily suffering but neither am i happy.
so what the fuck is even going on?
am i living a waking dream where nothing makes sense?
a better way to explain would be with schopenhauer- i live in the uk, comfortable family income.
my survival needs, companionship are all met.
for the entire world, im exceedingly lucky to have access to running water and education.
but despite having all of this i don't feel happy or fulfilled.
is this the nature of the human condition, that we will never be satisfied?
even with a taoist mindset where one goes with the flow of life there is an explicit aimlessness and purposelessness.
good to get off chest just needed to think
am i depressed?
or is it just a teenage crisis?
i really don't understand myself and the other people.
can you help me to understand?
( sorry if my english is bad normally i speak french)
okay...so this is a very long and a bit of a complex story.
i hope this is the right section to post it in.
to start, i am a 29 year old male.
i pretty much identify as straight in my everyday life.
i know for a fact that i am on the spectrum of being bisexual, but it isn't strong enough for me to really identify that way.
i never look at my male friends in a romantic or sexual way.
i never stop and look at men for a double take like i do with women.
i have experimented with men in the past, and i have had some moments where i felt turned on by it in fantasies, but it mostly felt like an occasional fetish.
the thought of having a relationship with a man is pretty unappealing.
i am attracted to trans women though.
but...there are very rare occasions where i find myself going the complete opposite direction.
and these occasions usually involve hard drugs...uppers.
i don't party like this consistently, but i find that when i do, my sexual preferences get thrown upside down.
when i am under the influence of these drugs, i have a strong urge to be a femboy, cross dress, and play that role with an older masculine top.
i am not sure why i change so much under the influence.
it's as if i'm a completely different person.
and what's even worse is i get incredibly reckless when i do this stuff.
i'll cross dress and take pics, and then ill go on grindr and send them to random men because it turns me on in that moment.
i'll also often go on a cam site to get my kicks.
when i am in the moment, i feel as if this isn't a bad idea.
i feel as if i'm exploring a new side of myself and freeing myself sexually.
but when i come down and go back to my sober self, i feel as if i wake up.
it feels unappealing and not worth it.
and then i feel very anxious and paranoid that i put myself out there on the internet in a reckless manner.
this recent bender was very reckless.
i am incredibly worried that one day these pictures and activity will resurface to people who don't need to know.
i'm not really ashamed of being slightly bi sexual.
but i know for a fact that the sober me prefers women 95% of the time.
i feel fine and comfortable as a straight guy and i don't feel like the bi sexual tendencies are strong enough to need to come out or identify as such.
but i am very confused and even more scared about my reckless decisions under the influence.
i am taking steps to make sure i don't repeat these mistakes.
i'm going to hard core detox and do my best to stay away from drugs.
i have a therapist who i have been seeing for a few years, but i don't feel like he would really be the best person to talk about this to.
he has helped me a lot with a lot of my issues, but after getting to know him, i don't think he would be able to understand.
i just feel really alone and scared and feel as if i have potentially ruined my life and my reputation.
i fear that if these things haven't surfaced on the internet yet...they might someday.
can anyone help or provide comfort?
i don't even know what i am asking for...i just needed to get this off my chest.
i want to just feel okay...
i’ve been dealing with a depression relapse since my second vaccination over a week ago.
i had to wait for my doctor because they were closed.
i finally drove up there with my dad today to try and get them to prescribe me antidepressants (i’ve taken them twice in the past) but they wouldn’t do it without an appointment.
the next available appointment is tomorrow.
maybe that’s soon for most people but i’ve been having this breakdown for the past week and waiting until tomorrow feels like hell.
i don’t know if i’m going to make it mentally to tomorrow.
i’m so upset that they couldn’t just give me an emergency stash of them or something.
even when my dad pointed out that i might lose it tonight and have to go to the er to get sedated they wouldn’t budge a bit.
what should i do?
i've always hated silence and with my mental health problems,  that has been more of a priority to prevent.
even when i'm around people, i often engage in talking to myself or just saying random things so that way i can be engaged in something.
i do this because i'm at my worst when i have no one around and all i am able to do is ruminate in bad thoughts.
i'm always moving around or saying something, even if those actions may both be quite minuscule or unnoticeable.
it also helps me feel less alone, even though i still do it when i'm in a room with other people.
i never knew if this was something that was unhealthy to do.
i've done it for a great majority of my life and i don't even remember how it started.
now it's become a very big staple of my life where i just talk to myself at any time, even in times like during school or talking with people close to me.
is this something that i should work on stopping?
i'm in the state of depression that i don't feel joy from anything.
i used to love designing.
now i feel nothing for it.
even for movies or series.
it's called anhedonia.
medication doesn't help.
do you feel like that?
i’ve been struggling with depression and anxiety for about a decade now but it really took a turn for the worse a couple years ago after a very traumatic relationship.
i’ve spent three years now without the will to leave my home on most days, and i haven’t had a job for longer than two months at a time since then.
slowly i feel i’m recovering but i’m missing out on all the stuff you’re supposed to do in your early-20’s because of it.
it feels like i’m the social equivalent of a brick wall, when i do speak i often embarrass myself because i’m just not around people enough to remember how to act anymore.
shts rough out here.
i just want to end it all.
i won’t fail like last time.
i’m all alone and the one time i’m happy i just fuck it up.
(22f) i have been pretty miserable for the last three years.
i have moments (days, sometimes weeks) of clarity and happiness and i feel like the sadness is finally gone.
but then i go tumbling back into the darkness.
sometimes i’m burdened by a sadness so terribly heavy, but other times i am just completely numb.
it makes me not want to leave my bed, and most of the time, i don’t.
it’s caused me issues in maintaining a job, and i’ve wracked up a bit of debt because of it (~$11k).
this debt also makes the sadness so much worse.
as someone with no degree, it is not an easy task to come up with $11k while also paying bills.
it makes me feel very hopeless and like i’m the biggest loser on the planet.
i can’t afford a therapist, and online prescriptions for anti-depressants require you to be over 25. i’ve tried reading self help books, meditating, eating healthy, working out.
but nothing seems to help.
i don’t know what else to do.
i feel terrible because i have the most amazing partner ever.
he is supportive, kind, caring, loving - everything i could ever want.
but i can tell that this is taking a toll on him, and that makes me feel terrible.
why can’t i just be happy?
i love him so much and i want him to be with someone normal.
someone who can have a good time.
someone who’s baggage doesn’t weight 500 tons.
i love him enough that i know he deserves better.
i don’t think i can ever give him that though.
i thought this all would pass.
i thought i’d feel better, but it seems impossible.
if i’m still not happy after three years of suffering, will i ever be happy?
should i leave him and let him find someone better?
i told my mum that i’m depressed and she said “lift yourself up”.
i’m so upset because what she means to me anyway is sad people, yes sad people can lift themselves up but not someone with mdd.
i’m keeping my mdd to myself anymore because it’s so upsetting to have an reaction like that.
it’s ok tho i have this community.😊
i’m pretty mad right now because my school is painting fucking rocks for suicide prevention.
yeah that might sound nice but this school has been one of the main factors in my depression and the counselor did nothing when i was (and still am) getting bullied and depressed.
they blamed in on smoking and told my parents about it.
a while ago, for the first time in my life i experienced what it was like to matter to someone, to really matter and be loved.
since that person left, my life has been cold, dark and empty.
10 months later, here i am, just existing, miserable, not knowing if it will ever get better.
god i miss what it felt like to be loved and accepted.
anyways here’s wonderwall...
so fun story.
last week i went to a clinic for some pain meds for my migraines.
guy bombards me with questions and decided i needed to be evaluated for my safety and the safety of others.
they sent two cops to take me to a crisis center.
didn't learn anything new.
but now i have a diagnosis on paper of chronic suicidality.
and about 3 days before that, my girlfriend left me.
so that's fun.
this job is making things worse daily.
my management is setting me up for failure, to manufacture problems to reprimand me on.
i fight with them and coworkers daily.
every request for transfer has been denied or overlooked.
don't get me wrong, i like working.
i just hate this fucking job and the people in it.
my manager is having an affair with a department head.
the same department head has been going out of his way to ruin my relationships with other coworkers.
that guy cheats on his wife openly and neither he, nor other people here see any moral issue with that, except me.
my manager deliberately doesn't give me anything to work on for the first hour just to find me and yell at me for doing nothing.
and being a full time job, i have very little time away for my own interests.
for 2 years now, people here just try to treat me like i'm a dumb janitor.
none of the job apps i've been putting in have gone anywhere.
now i'm just debating on quitting my job for a while.
don't know what i'd do with my time, but it's gotta be better than sitting in the parking lot with a gun against my head debating on clocking in or killing myself.
im done, tied to bed, i feel like the only thing that could get me up on my feet is adderall/concerta.
it is banned throughout the country.
atomoxetine is low bs.
what do i do?
 my poor health (biggest reason) people in unfortunate circumstances existing the inevitability of growing old and dying i am very antisocial racism  i'm physically not/ find it difficult to do things because of my health my parents (my parents aren't that bad it's just their experiences are really different to mine and they have low emotional intelligence) my environment/home overconsumption of negative mediawhat i can do to make myself happier/better1. eat healthier, exercise more, look for better doctors, improve researching skills2. fund trustworthy charities, get a well-paying job to help them, encourage a better mentality3. therapy4. socialising and improving social skills, become more friendly5. promote anti-racism, encourage a different mentality6. don't do those things or find a sustainable way to do those things7. i should be reasonable with my parents8. i should go outside more or change the way my room looks9. consume more wholesome media
this post goes to people also with anxiety who fears death.
don't you think that your fear of death is a kind of curse/gift?
at least that is how i see it.
which eventually makes things worse because you or want just to disappear from everything but you also are afraid of dying.
i see it more as a gift because it is what keeps me alive and makes me find ways to overcome this illness and try to be better with it.
i’ve been suicidal in the past.
i’ve attempted and failed unfortunately, but now i’m just in this weird mood of not giving a fuck.
i’m not gonna try to kill myself but let’s say if a car were to come speeding down at me on a busy street, i would just keep walking and not even try to avoid it.
sometimes i also wish i could get a terminal illness or something idk.
killing myself would hurt my family even more than just dying from a disease or something.
i find no happiness in anything.
at this point i’m just numb, life just feels so meaningless.
i just don’t see the point in living at this point.
i’m tired of waking up not looking forward to anything.
walking around like a fucking zombie all day.
laying in bed at night hoping i won’t wake up the next day.
i don’t know, maybe i will try killing myself and make it look like an accident some day.
whatever.
doubt anyone’s gonna even read this anyway.
hello to the other 756k depressed members of reddit, for the last six months, i've been suffering from an ugly and violent depression.
i take medication, i speak to therapists, but i'm still confident this only ends one way.
i'm scared to tell my therapist how often i think about suicide, because i'm scared i will end up in a hospital and the choice will be taken away from me – or at least made much more difficult.
&amp;#x200b;if you're still here, i would like to tell you a bit about how i ended up here.
for the last 5 years, i've been incredibly happy.
if my life were a novel, the fact i got clinical depression would be a gigantic plot twist nobody saw coming.
i am 25 years old, for the last 5 years, i've been reasonably successful working in journalism.
i've been in a relationship for the last 4 years, we were about to buy our first home, get a pet dog, and think about getting married.
over the past 3 years, i made a decent amount of money trading stocks and shares.
i managed to reach £80,000 total in savings.
then, convinced i had a bulletproof technique, i invested everything i owned, all £80,000 into trading.
i lost every penny.
we lost the deposit on our home, we moved out of the city and began renting somewhere cheaper, but we even struggle to pay rent there.
sometimes i don't eat, both because i have no appetite and because i can't quite afford to anymore.
my depression started here, and has gotten progressively worse.
i've been on unpaid leave from my work for a very long time, i have essential lost my job because my depression made it impossible to write articles.
my partner has been brilliant throughout, considering i risked and lost all of our money and our future.
however, our relationship has been tested and we are now both miserable.
the only thing, the only possible thing which gives me hope in the morning, is the thought that today could be the day i finally kill myself.
&amp;#x200b;i'm sorry this was quite morbid, but that's the truth.
&amp;#x200b;thank you for your time, it means the world.
literally everything i do is selfish i can’t do anything right
the referral link was broken.
dug through a bunch of documentation to find the contact email.
my case got assigned to a person who's out of office for two weeks.
i finally, finally, force myself to crawl out and give a shit for thirty seconds just to get kicked back down.
just like every.
fucking.
time.
every time i try to be something more than the barely-animated pile of human sludge i am, it fails.
try to take on a project myself?
fuck it up, lost time + money, had to hire someone else to do it anyway.
try to better myself physically?
injury, lost time + money, gained lifelong pain.
try to better myself mentally?
lol nope, nobody's in the office bud just wait two weeks to even start the process - hopefully you still have some measure of motivation by then!
how am i supposed to keep trying?
how is someone supposed to get the motivation to care when every time they care it kicks them in the face?
when every time i try and be more, i'm just reminded how i'm not more and how i can't be more.
i am so tired.
i am so angry and frustrated and noone i knkw knows what i am going through and i feel alone.
my whole family is distant for most of my life and so i have no support.
i feel like i don't get the support i need because i am a male.
i am so fucking sad today and i see no reason to live.
and i am devoid of joy.
but i found joy today in the thought of jumping off a bridge.
my ocd is bad.
my ptsd is horrible.
my axiety is bad.
my depression is bad.
my ocd is so frustrating.
i wish i didn't exist.
of course i wont kill myself, but i want it so badly.
i am fucking tired of this shite!
yo!
i'm 15f and i haven't been feeling right for a long time.
my memory is really bad so i have no idea when i started feeling like this.
since face to face classes stopped, it's gotten so much worse.
i lay down in bed all day reading manga and drawing.
i get days where i randomly start feeling like shit so i go to sleep to avoid thinking about it.
it also makes me lose interest in the only two things that i do so i just sleep some more.
it makes me feel empty and extremely lonely.
i'm very sensitive so just a bit of rejection could make me cry.
i cry a lot but just in the bathroom tho.
my aunt has really bad bpd and i'm pretty sure my mom has some mental issues that she has never really looked into or even realized.
she's mentally immature and unstable.
being raised by her has caused me to have low self-esteem and bad communication skills.
i wanna know what's wrong with me so i've done some online quizzes for depression.
it always says that i have real bad depression but of course it's just an online quiz so i'm not jumping to conclusions.
should i go get checked up?
i don't wanna tell my mom unless i'm confident about it.
i know she's gonna think i'm overreacting.
she has always been a perfectionist.
she usually maintains as in her college courses.
it’s hard to imagine she has depression
so i (20f) have nothing going for me.
i didn't get good grades in school and was severely bullied.
nobody liked me and that's still the case to this day.
i can't even hold down a job.
i'm not even smart enough to learn how to drive.
i have no friends and nothing is going right for me in this world anymore.. i'm thinking about ending it because i feel like nothing is going right for me.. i feel like i'm a burden to everyone and i don't want to be a burden anymore.
i feel like some people in my life are only nice to me because they have to be and it's not a nice feeling.
i feel like i'm not meant to be here anymore..
hard couple of months.
was thinking about leaving for good today.
still am.
after doing the math though it seems like a lot of people would be impacted by my death.
like, a lot a lot.
near, far, super far — it kinda makes me sad because i don’t want to stay here anymore and so many people would be hurting if i left.
i made a few online friends last year due to quarantine but we don’t talk anymore.
my ex included.
i used to host virtual open mics for my school jobs and many of my online friends attended them and connected with my in-state friends.
so, if my in-state friends ever posted about my death, that’s how they’d figure it out.
the internet is a web after all so at least they wouldn’t be left out.
then there are my college classmates who’d get an email from the university.
man, that would suck.
imagine having a really really good day &amp; getting an email from the school president saying “we regret to inform you that u/bustedandblack has died.” when you’ve had many classes with her and she always made sure to say hi to you in passing.
or maybe as a poetry professor, you’ve taught her and contributed to her success as a budding, published poet.
or maybe you caught her singing live one day in the fashion show, or in your dorm’s staircase, and now she’s dead.
and my therapist?
how would he even find out - calling the house?
none of my family members know him.
would they let him know?
shit.
i hope they’d let him know.
that’s the shit, dude.
i’m always making people smile, always brightening people’s days when they have absolutely no idea how broken i’ve been inside for the past several years.
it’s getting harder and harder to mask my brokenness.
idk.
maybe i’m just crazy.
meet me at the river&amp;amp;#x200b;meet me at the river,the last place i’ll get to touch.
there you’ll find the lost remainsof a boy who hurts too much.
&amp;amp;#x200b;meet me at the river,the last place i’ll get to cry.
there you’ll find the broken wingsof a boy who tries to fly.
&amp;amp;#x200b;meet me at the river,the last place i’ll get to see.
there you’ll find the ghost of me,of a boy who’s finally free.
i do it all the time
any advice?
i’ve been fighting the urge to say and think this quite a lot recently.
i’ve been lucky (or unlucky) enough to have dated women with some of the same exact problems i have, including depression/cleft palete/ hfa.
i couldn’t help but notice how much nicer people seemed to be to them, and it’s kinda been eating at the back of my head for years now.
i know it’s the wrong thing to think or say, especially in 2021, but it’s hard not to when life has given me bona fide examples of it sorta being in action and i’m still left with nobody and zero support.
i had to fight isolation, suicidal ideation and trauma from emotional and sexual abuse 100% on my own and i can’t help but wonder how things may have played out if i was female.
:l
how do i make something right, when i can’t go back?
hi everyone.
looking for advice,i have no idea what to say and how to approach this.
my brother is currently going through a hard time he's in a dark place and referencing suicide and outright told the only thing keeping him here is our mother since he doesn't want to ruin her life....i have thought about linking him the imalive website but we're not in the states.
that's a mayor reason why he is depressed, because he can't work or make a good living where we live, he'd like to work out of the country.
he has always had suicidal thoughts and i never exactly say anything to help because i don't want to make it worst.
he hates his life,has stated that je fully hates the situation and family bhe was born in.
our dad left and our life has been pretty shitty thanks to him.
long story short, i lost my job last year in august.it was a job i had worked 5 years at and had hoped could be my career and it was something i was doing well in.
due to it being in the creative industry, sadly my role had to be furloughed and i couldn't work from home.
at first, i was okay with this, but after a few months of being furloughed, i started to worry, i was asking my manager if my job was ok and was constantly being told 'your job is fine'.
but after one week of being told that, i was made redundant.and since then i've struggled in finding work or a job i can keep.
i got myself a job in november 2020 which i was super happy about and it sadly lasted up until mid-january as the situation repeated itself and i lost that job due to the uk going into another lockdown.every day since january, i've been applying for jobs, looking for any type of work, but work where it of course pays a decent living amount as i have bills to pay.
i've now gotten to that point where i no longer know what i want to do with myself.
i'm 28 and i know i'm not the only one in this situation.
but i sit here now and just feel useless.
because i had originally had a decent job, not had to worry about a lot, had moved out, and started to really feel like things were working out for me after fighting for so much.
and now it's all changed in one year.
i get rejected for jobs i fit.
i've gone and taken classes to build my confidence up when it comes to interviews as i now lack confidence and have developed anxiety.
i've had my cv looked at and changed so many times.
i've applied for courses or apprenticeships in hopes i can maybe develop my skills so it gets easier when applying for jobs.
the government's uc doesn't support as much as they make out to and throw any old job at you.
and now my family's become un-supportive too.
i've noticed any job i apply for which has something in it which i've not done before or something i haven't got a lot of experience in, my family automatically judge me for it and say: "'oh can you cope" or "you don't have the skills for that".
and it makes me feel utter rubbish because when i apply i put so much effort into it all and feel confident about myself, that when they say those things i then feel i won't be successful.
my mums even started saying things like: "oh now i need to go get a job just to support you as you can't get one".
i'm writing this just so i don't feel alone really.
and in hopes, others are in the same situation.i just don't know what to do anymore.
i've tried recruitment agencies, but they throw jobs that they find  in locations i can't even get to without it costing me a lot.
i'm at that point it's not worth fighting for anymore.
my family says they are supportive, but when i ask for the support they don't give it.
i just feel covid has truly messed my life up.
any advice on things i can do to not feel this way would be great.
one step i've taken is that i've applied to volunteer at local places near me just to get out there again and to gain my confidence back.
but job-wise and things, i don't know what to do anymore.
thanks for reading.
\\edit:\\i've been applying for everything, from part-time, full time, share jobs, apprenticeships etc.it does above sound like i'm being picky.
but i'm constantly being told by my family also not to take low money jobs due to bills.
which is not helping the situation and my mindset.
i'm trying not to be picky in jobs and am applying for almost everything that comes up.
but at the same time, applying for almost anything for the sake of it and to just try and get a job isn't getting me anywhere.
hi everyone, i really want to hear if anyone has had experiences with white hair due to stress and if it will go away.
i am only 23 years old and this year has been extremely stressful for me, and i started to notice a lot of white hair.
when i say a lot i don’t mean like 5 hairs, i mean like a lot.
i started to notice small strands that are completely white, and honestly that caused me a lot more stress on top of it.
i’m hoping hearing other’s experiences will help me feel a bit better.
first it was an assisted legal type of suicide.
then 2 nights ago i had the worst nightmare of my life of a friend who kept trying.
then last nighti had another assisted one again.
idk what the hell is wrong with me.
i'm under a lot of stress and pressure from work because we're so short handed and constantly have to deal with shitty people on a daily.
but i haven't even been having these types of thoughts for a while.
i'm still having some strong feelings of depression.
i just want the nightmares of this to stop.
it's really bringing me down and leaving me exhausted when i wake up.
i'm almost afraid if sleeping now.
today i woke up just not feeling it anymore.
work as brought me to a low point.
and being at home sucks too.
wife's schedule and mine make it impossible to spend any time together.
so here i'm laying in bed it's 11:20a knowing i got to be at work at 2p fml.
been looking for a better job so far nothing.
hello everyone, new here.
so, i took antidepressants today for the first time.
feel kinda idk... it's kinda hitting me how serious this all is, at the same time i feel like a fraud.
that i'm faking everything and i shouldn't take drugs.
have any of u ever felt like that?
last week my depressed boyfriend left me.
even at the end he was telling me how much he loved me.
and he was anguished with how much he felt made me suffer and how he thought i would be better off with someone who could give to me .
this is so hard for me to understand.
i would’ve helped him in anyway possible and loved and supported him until the end of my days.
even if he couldn’t give back to me.
he said i made him feel safe and loved and happier than anyone else.
how can i make sense of this?
i ask that you help me understand the perspective of a depressed person on this.
it’s hard for me to understand why he would give up a source of comfort and love.
i love him so much and hate to think of him alone and in misery.
and then i start to hate myself because i wonder if i was a better girlfriend  that i could have helped him and he would not leave me.
the logical part of me says that i did everything i could but my heart doesn’t feel that way.
at the same time i loved him so much and he knew it.
any insight would be appreciated.
for years, i feel like all my life has been me acting, saying lines because that's what the script says.
you see, it's the little things.
we tell people it's ok not to be ok but we don't really tell them it's ok to not be normal.
if i told people i spend the holidays alone, they'd either get uncomfortable or find it weird.
or worse, feel sorry for me.
or they start thinking about what's wrong.
never mind that i'm actually at peace with it.
so it's easier to just lie.
whenever i have to fill the in case of emergency contact field, i put my mom's name, though i haven't spoken to my family in years.
the number is fake- also mine.
while it looks like i have friends, there's no one out there who i'm close enough with.
i could ask a casual friend, but it'd just lead to questions.
so again, i lie.
because while i am fine with all of the above, society isn't.
i won't say i'm completely ok but i'm at peace.
but this constant subterfuge is draining.
i do realize i choose to do this, that i can just not pretend, but it's easier this way.
not because i'm embarrassed of the truth.
but because the truth is complicated.
i know it's a coping mechanism that i never let people get close.
i talk to people.
i laugh.
i can even be charming.
but that's it.
sometimes, it feels hollow.
but at least it doesn't hurt.
it'll probably be like this forever.
if it is, that's ok.
it's better than crippling depression right?
at least i'm still functioning.
it seems like a pittance and sometimes i feel like i shouldn't settle for this but you know what?
at this point, i just want to be ok.
i understand that this might sound stupid, but i really am struggling with hiding my depression.
i used to be good at this.
or maybe i wasn't?
anyway...i have grown close to someone and she notices when something is off with me.
i don't want her to know.
i have never really been in this position before.
nobody used to notice even when i was severely depressed.
and now someone asks me what's wrong when i don't text like usual.
how do you guys hide it?
any advice is welcome.
i don’t even know how to start this, to keep it short and still cover everything i want to tell...i am 24 years old and was diagnosed with a depressive episode and social anxiety in 2017.honestly i think already as i kid i was a little underdeveloped emotionally and socially, i always felt a bit different and spent the most time of my youth playing video games and so falling more behind.
while suffering 1 year+ from glandular fever in 2016, which hit me really hard immune system down 3 months only bed and stuff, what it also brought with it are pretty bad mood swings and at that time i also got my first panic attacks because of my health i thought i could die anyday and my anxiety increased.
which is not that unusual as glandular fever is said to bring mood swings and depression.that was a really hard time for me but playing computer and meeting new friends who basically became a second family back then helped me a lot.
in 2017 i urged my mom to take me to see a psychologist( i forgot to mention that i was raised with low self esteem and being dependent from my parents...).
the psychologist diagnosed me and prescribed me venlafaxin/effexor.
i started with 37,5mg and already felt a bit better.
like the negative thoughts were less than before and the positive thoughts increased.
i began to study in a city 1 hour away from my hometown and things were looking good, no panic attacks, depression got better.
i got more hope for the future.
i decided to try dating apps for the first time and also really dating for the first time.
i thought yeah let’s have some fun and didn’t expect something serious at first.
well but the first girl i met, i started seeing more often and so it happened, we fell in love.
i had the best time in my life, it felt so good i never was this happy in my life.
we really loved each other and had so much in common.
there was only one things...she was working and i was studying which was kinda somewhat between us because of our different daily life routines.
fast forward 3 years... the covid lockdown took a toll on our relationship  and we didn’t get along as we used too.
my studying wasn’t good, i didn’t progress that much and slowly began to fall in to a hole of depression again, increased by corona.
i started playing computer more and when my girlfriend came home( we didn’t live together full time but she slept at my apartment 3 times a week) she was tired lay down on the couch while i was playing.
my situation got worse and i became really depressed and angry at whatnot but probably the most about myself.
she was more extroverted happy, i was more introverted and well not so happy anymore, like when we visited my parents.
i didnt get along with them so good anymore, because i was angry and bad mooded basically all the time.
i was basically at an all time low and we didn’t do as much as we used to, also because of covid but not only.
february 2nd she came home from work and broke up with me.
that completely destroyed me, there was no hope left and still isn’t for me really.
i love her so much, still after 3 months have passed.
we didn’t break up in a fight.
really she cried and i cried even more, she told me that i’m too important for her to keep on going like that.
everything before was so good, our families did get along and so did we with each other’s families.
when i saw her smile i really thought someday, you gotta marry this girl, there will never be a better one.
first week i couldn’t really sleep, it felt so unreal, like waking up from a sleep paralysis straight into a nightmare.
second week i decided to drop university and look for a job.
i really applied for many jobs and only 3 weeks later i got my first job.
i was excited but i still felt like i need to do it for her to get better for her and i hoped it would help my depression and anxiety.
at first my mood got better, but that wore off fast.
1 1/2 months after the breakup we met again in my apartment, to talk a bit and because i had to give her some of her things back.
i was so nervous, but yeah we only talked and i kinda wanted to impress her with my job.
it was really hard to read her because while she looked happy she also looked sad and i also tried to keep myself together.
after that i thought so much more about her.
it’s been 3 months now, i like my job, my colleagues, i started to play tennis again which i played for a long time and loved.
i even enrolled to volunteer at an animal shelter( didn’t start yet because of time issues tho) but do i feel better?
no i still feel so destroyed, inferior, depressed, anxious( at least the panic attacks stopped).
honestly i don’t know what to do anymore.
i still love her so much, but i know that i shouldn’t bother her at the moment and should try to get my life together, objectively i know that, but my emotions don’t work that way.
and i really think there won’t be another way than increasing my dosage of effexor.
i will also try to make an appointment at a psychologist.
there isn’t really an hour where i don’t think about her and what she is doing, that she sees other guys and i feel so powerless.
i don’t have any interest in life at the moment, once again i’m at the bottom, without much hope.
thanks to everyone who took their time to read my story.
hi all, i'm new here and i don't post often (read "ever") but i need to get this off my chest and get some advice / perspective.
i have dealt with depression since i was a young child - like 4 years old.
it fluctuated like crazy but my lowest years were between 18-24...  i was incredibly fortunate to have access to therapy, some meds, and a super supportive older sister so i got through it, did school, got work...i'm 27 now and 2020 and 2021 have been hot trash.
i'm back at home (my choice, only semi-pandemic related) so is my older sister and to say we are struggling is a major understatement.
the main thing i'm wanting to some insights on is how to manage that, what i've come to refer to (i maybe read this somewhere or was told it by a psych in not sure) is the depression exhaustion.
that soul-consuming, starts from your organs and radiates outward desire to shut down and just, sleep.
or die.
but sleep would suffice.
i could sleep for 16 hours, wake up, and still feel that crushing weight pushing my body back to my bed.
what's so confusing for me is that, my mind just isn't in that place.
i've worked really hard to better understand, recognize, and articulate my emotions to myself.
the last time i felt this sleepiness this intensely, i was incredibly suicidal.
but i just don't feel that way right now.
i do however, feel gutted, day-in, day-out and the only thing that seems to bring me peace is endless amounts of sleep.
would love to hear your experiences or thoughts on this.
thanks all
because im just waiting to have the minimum age to take possibly a flatsharing outside of the canton (state but in switzerland) with one of my friends the problem is that idk if any of them will want to take a flatsharing with meand why i can't solve this problem before?
well because i live in a slowly dying canton in switzerland for exemple in my city we are losing around 500 to 600 people per year (because they go away in other part of switzerland or other country) and the tax are highand my familly is not the richest and since my dad is putting a lot of money into his plantation of cannabis well we dont have a lot lot of moneyi mean we still get to eat everyday and we have light and waterbut like just for my birthday present i had to wait 5 days to have it so my parents so they can be payed (and it wasn't like a big present like 300 dollars (well francs for me) it was just like 88 dollars)so we can't probably not afford medication and treatment for my depression(they dont know i have it but i have like 9/10 of symptom of depression so i think i have it)and more about my city its that there isnothingbut when i say nothing its litterally nothing to do apart from tourist(so stuff i arleady did 10000 times and its kinda boring for me)so for the moment im just painfully waiting for stuff to move
well another day same sh!t ,it's beautiful out,and i can't bring myself to open my front door,important things fly past my life as i sit here drowning in disappointement  ,i hate my life ,pretending to everyone that i'm happy while smiling is easier then having a anxious call ,i wish i could have a barbiee in my garden 🍗🍴, plant some fruit ,veg that would be  super 👌,i guess i'll have a ham sandwich instead might treat myself to a cuppa ☕you never know i might get frisky and enjoy a nutella sandwich later ,that's all i'm motivated to do while i can smell my neighbors cooking ,making me hungry 😟 ham mayo bread besides nothing wrong with a sandwhich bread ,jesus is the bread of life 🙏 i will have a holy ham sandwich 🙏🙏🙏maybe one day i can get out of my head and plant my own veggies fruits😎 and have a family bbq one day it will happen .
👩 😎👪👪👪👪🍗🍖😎and is a inflatable pool too much?
never too old for a inflatable pool (i'm 312)my pet 🐏 should be out enjoying the 🌞 but here they are it's okay 💕🐏🐏🐏💞
its been a long and painful 5 years.
nothing matters anymore, i wake up with zero purpose and do things simply for the sake of doing them.
studying, going to the gym, acting normal in front of people all mean nothing to me anymore because my fucking brain cant produce enough serotonin.
its fucking unfair to be this hopeless in my early 20s.
i look at everyone else living life normally and feel jealousy and extreme hatred and contempt for the world, for being this way.
my single greatest desire has always been to be healthy and normal.
it took two years for me to realize that something was wrong, and every attempt ive made to get healthy the universe just spits in my face and makes me feel even fucking worse.
the only thing that helps me forget is hanging out with friends, but i cant even have that.
one of the major reasons i feel like shit is because i realize that i have no true friends, that everyone either uses me or is only around temporarily, no one knows whats going on behind the scenes or would even give a fuck.
no one ever comes to me or messages me, i always have to initiate otherwise its back to being a lone wolf.
im a huge extrovert so you can imagine how fucking painful it is to be forced to be alone.
drinking never helped, i stop caring for a few hours till it wears off or until i pass out and wake up feeling even worse.
pot made me socially inept and made me overthink shit a lot in my room.
i tried to be goal oriented, focus on studies and basketball and gym and shit like that but it only keeps me distracted for a couple of hours before i'm back to knowing that none of this shit matters and my life is fucking miserable.
i cant fucking do this shit anymore.
i want to be healthy, i just cant control the emptiness in my head.
i guess the only improvement i've made is that a year ago i was absolutely going to kill myself, but now i don't consider that an option anymore and hate the idea.
i want to be normal again.
i try to motivate myself, that one day i will be happy again, be social, meet with my friends, find love and get married, but then i remember how ugly and dirty i am.
and i can't stop it.
i really want to get up in the morning, do a skincare routine, clean myself up, wear pretty clothes but i just can't.
i know you may be thinking 'is this girl stupid?'
and yes, i am.
i can't do this normal sht which every person can do.
because i'm so tired and weak.
it's a battle eveyday and i'm so tired of it!
i want to change but i can't and the fact that i can't is bringing me further down.
i stopped with my suicidal thoughts, i accepted that it is how it is and it worked for a long time.
but now i  feel more like i'm drowning.
i hate my life.
i hate what i have become.
i hate myself so much i  can't explain in words.
i'm a failure and no matter how many people will tell me i'm not, i know i am.
it's a fact.
everything which i started i didn't finish.
all steps i took i took back and walked even more behind.
i want to be loved, i want to love someone too but i know i don't deserve it in the state i am.
noone would want a girl like this.
it's really bothering me to the core and i want to change but i can't.
i can’t do it anymore, the last person i held close to me has finally left me and i have no one left the thought of being alone with myself a single second more is so unbearable only the thought of ending it all gives me the release from this feeling and only briefly, i’m not sure i want to die but i know i don’t want to keep on living i’m a failure to everyone in my life that’s why they’ve all dropped off one by one even those who i shared all my thoughts who empathised with me and told me not to worry ill always have them, now i have no one i feel so alone i can’t find comfort in any of the activities that would otherwise distract me am i destined to a life of pain i know i this all sounds dramatic but i really don’t know how to word it any other way, i miss my friends i miss my family i miss being happy
“you’re not making enough effort”“stop looking so damn sad all the time — we all know it’s just for attention”“if you don’t change your attitude, no-one will like you”just some examples of what people have said to me in the past.
no-one takes the time to get to know me or try to understand me.. they just judge.
that’s all they fucking do.
judge.
they don’t think, they just see what’s in front of them.
fuck people, man.
they’re all the damn same.
i don’t want to live anymore.
trans ftm (he/him) my friends constantly joke about how depressed i am all the time.
however, when i say i want to die, they just say "same".
i constantly tell them how bad i feel about myself all the time but they don't even listen anymore.
i really need to come out to them as trans because my dysphoria can't take it, however, i don't know if it's worth it since i really don't want to be friends with them anymore.
on the other hand, i cant seem to make any other friends since others don't talk to me and are completely different to me.
it doesn't help that i'm so antisocial, dont get me wrong, i wouldn't consider myself particularly shy but i just find it hand to find people who will understand me since no one has so far.
why ask me what's wrong and then just tell me to get over it?
i am trying to get over itit's stupid but it makes me wanna cry like i know i should be in a healthier better place i should be over it but i'm not and i'm trying to be but fuck it's difficult why can't people understand how hard it is to just 'get over it'i want to get better but i can't help but cry every step of the way
i recently lost my job, so i have been having a lot more time to myself.
i've always been someone that works on earlier morning jobs, because my depression is often bad in the morning but if i am up and working, i am distracted and i'm able to work through it more easily.
now that i'm not working, i find myself laying around in bed for hours, ruminating, unable to get motivated.
does anyone have suggestions on how to help with this?
things that have helped you?
i hate it because i feel like i waste my day away and then i get angry with myself.
have nothing to show for it.
no where to go, nothing to do.
completely alone.
maybe ill buy some shit to forget
whenever i tell anyone that i want to leave home, i dont think they understood the true magnitude of my desperation of wanting to leave this hellhole.
but not like i can blame them anyway i never told them anything about my life.
with the pandemic and movement restriction im even more confined in my home, feeling claustrophobic, trapped in a cage.
but even when it's not pandemic, ive been so controlled on every aspect of my living.
but the movement restriction made it even worst.
now that i have a job it somewhat is bearable.
sometimes i even hid in the toilet because it's the only place no one can reach me or bother me.
i hate this place i truly do i so desperately wanna leave it so much that if i have to stay here any longer i'd k word myself.
my parents are suffocating, controlling me even in my mid 20s not letting me grow by myself.
i fucken hate it and everything.
i want to fucken leave.
the pivotal moment in time when i could have chosen to stay in somewhere far from home but i was too dumb and hopeful, letting my emotions get the best of me and chose to return home.
what a mistake it was.
ive been regretting it ever since.
never again.
the moment i have a choice to leave this hell, i'll know better.
good lorde give me strength to get through this before i k myself
can someone lend me £10 until the 24th?
im tired all the time.
i have no interest in doing anything.
even the things that would normally cheer me up, such as playing guitar, watching stand up comedians, funny movies.
i have no motivation to do the things i know i must, like going to my new job or even taking care of myself.
my psychiatrist upped my sertraline, but im still really having a hard time.
i haven’t smoked marijuana or drank in over two weeks.
im really struggling not to smoke weed.
last time i drank i got an owi and lost my job.
one of the only things that even comes close to making me feel happy is being intimate with my wife.
spending time with my 5yr old daughter also helps.
i know my family loves me but i feel guilty relying on them to make me feel anywhere even close to normal.
i don’t even know what to do anymore.
i just called in to work again.
i feel like i’m at an impasse.
... because when i text and ask to meet up soon because i'm struggling you leave me on read for a week.
... because when i call to make plans because i need support you say you'll call me back and schedule something but never do.
... because you say i can reach out anytime for help since we are a team, we are great friends, and then you ignore me when it's an emergency.
... because though i go out of my way to frequently support you emotionally, and listen to your problems, when it's my turn to clear the emotional vomit you tell me that all i do is complain.
... because you never reach out to me, i am only a drama llama for your entertainment so you can gossip about me with your friends.
c'mon.
be a better human.
don't swear you'll help and then flake or ghost.
the dashed hope each time is just devistating.
i (30m) missed a lot in life due to depression and anxiety..i didn't enjoy anything.. i have some memories and relationships but i always feel some emptiness..i have a lot of friends but none of them were here always..we never did stupid things and stuff, never had some friends who know everything about me..for holidays everyone has someone with they go.. every year i have to look for someone else and usually i go with anyone just to go and not stay at home..how to draw a line and try to be happy, stop comparing with others and say ok it was how it was?
i don't want to spend my life in past and grief..thx good people of reddit &lt;3
hi i'm suryanshu (nick name- lucky ),a little bit about myself- i'm from the state of uttar pradesh in india, i'm the youngest of three siblings i.e 20 y/o.
i'm in my last semester of second year in college studying law and politics.
my elder brother is 25 and my older sister is 27.  my father passed away on 5th may , 2021. he died of covid, about my father- he was the best father, husband, brother and son.
he was the life of the party pretty much everywhere he went.
he was a social worker who worked within the villages of indo-nepal border to ensure rights of the children being mistreated.
more about him here (i'd appreciate if you could go through these just to get idea of what kind of a man he was) [article one]( [article two]([article three]([article four](.
he was like a shield for all of us in the family, he always motivated me with all my choices with life even when he didn't agree with them.
now he has left us, and he left by creating such a void in my life that i don't see a purpose of waking up, getting out of bed and talk to people.
when he passed away, nobody in my family was mentally stable enough to take any calls and so i immediately took everyone's cellphones and kept them to myself and i answered about 400+ calls that day, conforming this news to the people who cared about his existence... that yes, he is no more.
he had not taken a single medicine in the last 20 years, never smoked, drunk, nothing like that but in his last days, it was my family's unfortunate fate to see him so weak that he couldn't speak and he could not stand up straight.
seeing the man who has been a pillar to me and my family struggling for his breath and fighting for his life.
it broke me.
it broke me to see him struggle like this, to see that his will to live was not sufficient enough to keep his breath intact and that life was slowly being taken out of him breath by breath.
after my father, i'm the only one who knows how to drive and so i drove my mom to the crematorium because she wouldn't believe that he's gone, while i was driving she would repeatedly ask me to leave the drivers seat so that my dad can drive.
the next day 6th of may was heir wedding anniversary.
it broke me to see my mom struggling to find reasons to be alive because her emotional support system was gone, a person with so much life and so much positivity... just gone.
ive cried out my fare share i think and i don't feel like crying anymore but i can't find it in me to do anything... and that includes, socialising, working, thinking about life and how fucked everything is.
i seek motivation from my father's life and the legacy he has entrusted his kids with but when it comes to sitting down and getting things done.
i feel lathargic and can't seem to channelise any of that motivation into anything.
i know that i have to keep it together and stay strong for my family but at the same time i don't feel like existing and i don't feel like anything in life has any purpose.
it's complicated because on one hand, i have all the energy and motivation coming from my father's work ethics and his life but at the same time my will to live is slowly diminishing.
 i'm not feeling like myself lately, i just cant do it.
i'm always having these thoughts about killing myself but i'm too afraid to do it.
and it's not because i'm actually afraid, it's because i'm afraid of what will happen to my family if i do it.
i got nobody to talk to but there is this one person i do want to talk to.
she has always had my back and has always listened to me when i talked to her.
it's just that im afraid of how she will react or what she will do and it's even worse because i got trust issues.
every now and then i'll get an anxiety attack and when i told my mam about it she just laughed because she thought i was over-exaggerating.
tbh if i killed myself it's not like anybody would even care.
this is mostly just an personal experience post (post, but i feel like it is important.)
(personal background; i’m currently a stay at home greyhound dog foster dad (to those of you that foster or know a greyhound, give them a pet for me!)
i’m looking for a job but i’m so horribly depressed that it’s terrifying.
i have a ba in psych, but i don’t know how to advertise my experience.?!
any other depressed job applications?
it surprises me that we don’t see as many people coming forth and admitting they’d rather not exist or just be dead.
why is this such a stigmatised idea still?
do people not see the state of world?
do people not acknowledge that life is mostly bad with way way less good moments?
i mean, i guess we all could admit that this is absolutely shit and try to make it more tolerable for everybody but i guess it’s easier to call this whole line of thought sick.
anyway, i think my psychologist is gaslighting me 🤡
days when i don’t get much out of bed and i don’t go to school, i don’t do school work.
i’ll just sit on my phone or watch smth on my laptop, maybe play the sims and i might do my hair and makeup to feel good.
but i end my day feeling guilty for not “doing anything” help .
tw: suicidali can't stop listening to the song "deathbed" by powfu and beabadoobee.
it's haunting me in a way.
it makes me so sad and hurts but it's better than being numb and feeling no emotion at all.
things are just so hard for me, it helps me sometimes make sense of my emotions but it also has a chance to cause a panic attack for me.
my life is so shit i just want to end it all so much, the pain is to much, and please spout any of that bs about you have so much to live for, and things will get better, i have heard enough of that shit from other people in different servers to have to deal with that here to.
does anyone else get triggered by songs but still listens to them bc it makes them feel better sometimes?
i just need to get this out of my system to people who understands.
i have been diagnosed with depression and anxiety for about a year now but i know its been a few years before i seeked help.
i cant seem to have the energy to fight my own head and the energy to win the self-loathing thoughts.
i have been backsliding again.
not taking meds and started self-harming again.
i am simply not talking to any of my support systems about my issues anymore coz i know they have alot on their plate and i dont wanna be a burden to them anymore.
i feel as though there isnt a need to get better.
i lost that drive to get better.
i need to get it back.
if anyone dont mind sharing their light at the end of the tunnel stories be it big or small, i would love to read and believe in getting better again.
hey guys, just wanted to share this here because i don’t know where else to write this.
i’ve been dealing with depression for the last 11 years.
i’ve basically had ocd since i was a child.
i went through both war ptsd as a very young child and then just mental and emotional abuse from my family growing up.
i’ve been doing talk therapy basically for the last 11 years with many different therapists.
i’ve tried emdr as well and i’ve also familiarized myself with cbt therapy.
i’ve been on lexapro for the last 4 years and i’ve been an active runner for the last 11 years because that is what helps me the most for my depression.
but right now it feels so low.
i feel like i have this sadness inside of me that’s trapped.
i wanna cry and i can’t even cry.
i just want to release it all.
i’m scared of how low i feel but i know that’s my anxiety.
i just don’t know what do anymore.
thank you :)
everything dawned on me just now- i was feeling mostly okay until i realised:\- my partner is being slower with replies than usual because he might be going through some things\- i'm failing school and i have a meeting to go to in an hour because of that\- my parents suck ass at being well.. decent parents because they only do the bare minimum\- cptsd symptoms are worsening ever since i left therapy \- i have art stuff i need to continue\- i barely have any friends irl\- my parents are being worse because they're angry my sister left so they expect me to become some prodigy child and succeed for heri feel like nobody cares about me, not my parents, not my friends, not my partner, not my bestfriends- nobody.
i can't really commit suicide as i have shit to get done.
i got nobody irl and all of my irl friends are fake, everything seems like too much for my age and whats the point.
i have no motivation to do anything and i just want someone to genuinenly seem like they care and reach out because i havent had that in so long, if ever actually.
i keep overthinking stuff and eventually it all ends to crap
hi, i am a man in my late twenties and have been suffering from depression and basically laziness my entire life, i currently work at a job i hate and i am generally unfulfilled because i have living a life i hate, i have tried several times to change my life and my habits, to become more disciplined and hardworking but i cant seem to do it, i hate my life and want to change but find my self unable to do it, spending my time eating and reading manga, thing is while i do those things i feel a crushing sense of guilt and shame but i cant seem to stop because every other thing seems so hard.
i am currently learning to program and have seemed to reach a point where it is a chore to learn anymore, i feel like i dont have a lot of time left to get my life in order and i'm starting to panic, and have been trading crypto  with my very little salary hoping to land a moonshot.
i have tried everything, following my passion means starting a game dev/comic studio, since i love to write and have written a few comics, however these are two very unprofitable ventures for a solo person with no reasonable savings, and such it seems stupid to invest my time into it, i started learning frontend for the money because i need a well paying job, but even though i love computers and would rather program than work at my job, and even though learning to code seems to be my only hope, i still cant find the resolve to do this every day.
i dont know why, i dont know, i dont know what to do now, i am almost at a point where i am just hoping for a lucky break, i am lost and dont know what to do, my gf and i are planning to get married in a year and she believes in me so much but i feel like a fraud and i dont know what to do.
please i need advice, if i need a kick in the ass i dont mind, if i am spewing bs and need to hear that i don't mind, i just don't know what to do.
thanks.
i did "well" today - i cleaned my apartment, did the dishes, got a bunch of garbage out of my room, and even went to the laundromat so that i could have some clean clothes for the first time in two weeks.
but that doesn't change the fact that i'm a month behind on my obligations for work, or the fact that my lease is up in a june and i still haven't even started searching for a new place.
it doesn't change the fact that i'm out of my antidepressants, but haven't made any effort to renew my prescription.
it doesn't change the fact that outside of work, the only person i've spoken to in months is my therapist.
it doesn't change the fact that i've gained over 40 pounds from overeating in the last year, and that i don't have anything that i actually feel comfortable while wearing.
today was the best day i've had in a long time, but even on my "good" days, i just feel so so far from being a normal, functioning adult.
he just blocked me on everything one day and won’t explain why, i didn’t really help by calling him a coward multiple times but tbh, after everything i did for the guy and everything we’ve been through it seemed a worthy title for not even explaining.
what i learned was who my true fiends are in the end.
hi there,i'm a 20 year old student who tried moving 2 hours away from home to live on my college campus for the summer for a program (one that doesn't necessarily need to be in person).
i got there, and it was painfully isolating.
my dorm was at the ass-end of the hallway, so i could never leave my door cracked to meet anyone.
nobody left theirs cracked so i could meet them.
the rooms are spaced out and isolated, and the dining hall is even distanced.
there was no trace of human contact here, all there was was alienation.
i couldn't bear to leave my room and do the work in that program that was assigned to me.
i slept.
even looking over at the computer made me feel pangs of loneliness, remembering how i would sit at my desk in my room with that computer and always be a room away from my parents.
i couldn't handle it.
that move, only two hours away, made me lose everything dear to me.
my family, my cat, my room and my bed, my mental health, and the flowers and plants that i've grown to nurture and love.
i had nothing and had no chance of gaining anything but further decline.
so i left.
i was there 3 days, and in those three days i learned that i've yet to figure out how to take care of myself.
my only coping strategies are sleeping and crying.
i couldn't bear to be away from my parents, they've always been so good to me, and now i've blown a chance to show them i'll be alright, and that they've done a good job.
they deserve that much at least.
i'm just petrified about the fact that i don't want to move out.
i have no romantic aspirations, i feel no fire of love or lust in me.
the antidepressants must have stamped out those sparks years ago.
all adventures seem unworth the stress and loss it takes to achieve them, and even leaving my home seems like a worthless venture fraught only with loss.
why don't i want to leave home?
why does everything in life feel like far more stress and effort than it's worth?
why don't i want to live life fully?
why does nothing make me want to do anything?!
why don't i know how to live?
i turned 19 on the 1st and i already have nothing.
no ged, no license, no money.
no talent.
i cant even get accepted as the gender i want to be.
i give up.
i will never get commissioned, i will never get hired anywhere.
my art will never take me anywhere in life.
i see so many videos of where someone gets offered their dream job, or someone's talent gets shared and then they blow up and have a ton of people supporting them.
that will never be me, no one sees me.
no one cares.
i will never get that break.
my art has never gone anywhere and it never will.
i can see the disappointment in my parent's faces and hear it in their voices.
i think about dying.
they'll be free from the financial burden i am.
they say it's fine, but i know it's not.
i don't want them to suffer from my uselessness anymore.
i wish i had talent, i wish i could do something with my art.
i want to make art for video games.
but i know it'll never happen.
i wish someone out there would see me
the thoughts tonight are way worse than they have been in a long time... i am actually really scared for my own safety right now .
like when i even think i need to go to the hospital that’s when i know it’s really bad
16 and completely lost with purpose.
up until really recently i had plenty purpose, and i only kept gathering and gaining motivation as time went on and things got better.
but, idk what exactly happened, but its all fallen down the drain.
i have friends who care about me and who are honestly extremely fun, im not bad looking, im bright, im on the trajectory to success, i have a hobby which i enjoy a lot, parents who care a lot, a family which is great to be around.
but, even with all this, and all these good things, i havent a true purpose.
i do pursue all these things, not because i expect something, but because i naturally do.
this is where the issue with purpose comes in.
i have been told plenty that life is short and i should make the best of it.
but i cant seem to accept that, i cannot accept the fact of my death, and the fact that whatever i do it will absolutely not matter.
i will live a life, great!
but i will die, not so great.
but the things i do in my life will affect those around me and if i have a large enough influence even the world, great!
but eventually society will crumble and this planet and solar system will die, not so great.
but maybe we will travel out of the solar system, and by the smallest of hairs maybe i will have development into that area and will possibly be recognized in that and remembered, great!
but eventually the universe will die, not so great.
but, but what?
there is nothing after that.
eventually after that everything will die out, and i just dont see a purpose in going forward.
most people wont chase making a mark and just wanna be happy.
my issue with happiness is trying to accept the fact im just chemicals interacting, and the things that drive all positive emotion within my body is seratonin and dopamine, two depressingly simple chemicals driving all the motivation and purpose in my life.
in a sense, i am just molecules moving in complex manners, passing electrons back and forth in chemical reactions, i am alive but in a sense lifelessly simple.
my very being is not special.
and for me to chase happiness is chase the excitation and activity of 1 or 2 molecules.
so, i dont see a purpose in trying to make a mark, and dont see a purpose in trying to be happy.
since all seem meaningless to me.
and this entire mix of pointlessness creates something like this:i dont care about having a job, sure itll feel good to have a career and make money but it wont matter.
im good looking but why does that really matter, im going to die and maybe if that gets me a chance to have a loving relationship and have kids, it wont matter in the end because nothing will exist in the end.
im bright, but that simply doesnt matter since nothing will come to exist eventually, making such a gift, entirely pointless.
im on the trajectory to success at my current rate, but that simply wont matter because i will die and my marks on this universe will either fade, or seize to exist as time passes and the universe dies.
i have a hobby which i enjoy, but that enjoyment wont mean anything when im dead, and if it develops into something that contributes to society, it literally wont matter because eventually everything will fade away and seize to exist, and all my contributions will die with it.
&amp;#x200b;the only things im unable to really toss away is my parents, friends, and absolute love.
if i threw all this away i would genuinely probably not be functional at this moment.
&amp;#x200b;&amp;#x200b;&amp;#x200b;you might ask why i am still alive or functional or i keep going, it isnt because i found something to keep going toward, or something that gives me hope, its because i just keep forgetting about all this, and fall back to an idle state of existing in the moment and not thinking about the future.
i dont like it and it just feels like a mindless cope against my fate of death and meaninglessness, but whatever.
and before anyone comments how my life is great and how i dont deserve it if i feel this way, or i should use it to the best of my abilities because its a life most people arent blessed with.
the mental illness and hyperawareness of this bodies fate would also come with it, so in a sense, im not as blessed as i think.
and if i could have never been born and let someone else have this than i would have, i really do wish i was never born.
if i was being consistent than i would have said "i dont care if i was born or not", but i kinda wish i wasnt born because i have human emotions and i guess they decided this.
today, i just found out that i failed the online course i was taking.
i did everything i could to pass.
i spent countless days trying to study the material, but the randomness of the tests made it hard to study what i needed to study and in the end it would cause me to fail because what i studied wasn't covered on the tests.
spent days trying to get the projects done, sacrificing working days and even asking for help from tutors.
in the end i actually ended up getting a good grade on them, but it wasn't enough to make up for the quizzes.
now, i'm left asking myself why i put so much effort to the class anyway?
this is always how working hard ends for me.
i either end up with nothing to show for it, or in an even worse position then when i started.
i'm tired of working hard and this being the result.
it's never worth it in the end.
i keep hurting people who love me and care about me.
my brain is full of negative thoughts.
i know how to love someone, but  i don't think i have the ability to trust them to love me back.
i can't stop assuming they're gonna hurt me just like anyone else.
i seriously don't even know what i want from them.
they did try their best to give me love and everything and i just never think its enough.
we're hurting each other every day just because im insecure asf for no reason.
i hate it here, i hate myself so much i want to die but i love them.
i don't want to loose anyone anymore but i keep hurting them and i feel like i would never trust them no matter how hard they try to prove me they really do care and love me.
im sooo stupid i know.
im so sorry im really sorry please don't leave me i really love them but im so sad.
sorry it’s long, but basically the title.
i (22f) was always one of the top students in high school, always had a few decent friends, though they changed often.
i wanted to get a dating partner and get into college.
my high school friends left when they or i graduated, except for one who ghosts me half the time who’s trying to set me up with a guy who also ghosts me.
now i’m almost done with college, having made one friend in 4 years who barely talks to me.
i know nobody in either of my 2 majors.
i make none of the “memories” everyone talks about even pre-covid.
the real kicker is i need to go to grad school still to get a degree that’ll get me the career i want.
i’m terrified at starting over socially again.
idk how many times i’ll need to restart, and each time it makes less and less of a difference.
i just want what everyone else does, at least one friend who cares, a partner, and a good-paying job away from my stupid hometown.
but i try, and nothing works out.
i go to therapy, and nothing changes my situation, just makes me feel less crazy.
i tried putting myself out there pre-covid in student clubs and nothing came of it except a mean comment that made me run to cry in the bathrooms.
it’s like i’m always just scraping by mentally, socially until i can get to the next step in life, where i start over from square one again, alone except for my thoughts and suffocating home life.
it’s like nothing good comes, let alone stays.
my closest friend is in another state and likely not coming back for summer, and i’ll probably need to bribe my uncle again just so i don’t have to go watch a live baseball game alone.
my dad doesn’t even like going with me and he loves watching sports.
now i’m just waiting for my new coworker to get bored of me and also ignore me.
i tried giving them my number in case they need to cancel a shift or whatever, trying to make a connection, but what’s the point?
they didn’t even check to make sure i wrote it down correctly.
i could’ve given them the mcdonald’s number down the road and they’d be none the wiser.
i’m so boring nobody would want me texting them.
my phone is useless for its intended purpose.
i just use it to order food or get driving directions or scroll through social media.
the only emails and texts i get are memes from my mom or ads.
i never get or make calls except to confirm appointments.
it’s useless.
i just hate always being alone.
my grades are dropping i don't know how to get motivated please help him desperate
i’m tired of waking up with no energy or motivation.
everything seems like the biggest chore ever.
sometimes i wonder if i’m just lazy or if it’s my depression.
everyday feels grey, my emotions are numb to the point where i can’t cry.
i’m tired of all this.
i just want to enjoy something as small as a movie or indulge in a hobby.
i haven’t felt actual excitement and motivation for years at this point and i’m only 22. i genuinely just want to feel happy and energized again.
i just want to easily do the things i have to, and go home to enjoy my rest.
what should i do?
should i go on antidepressants?
should i just buy shrooms off the dark web and try that out?
i’m really over this.
i've never liked studying and i've always seen it as a chore but i need to get my degree in order to become a teacher.
with covid and depression i crawled into a big hole and i'm 8 exams behind and already a year late.
i feel like there's no other ways to say it rather than just say it: college is making me want to take my own life.
i see no light at the end of the tunnel, i just cannot get myself to study, i procrastinate, i hate every bit of it.
nothing motivates me, not even the fact that my parents pay my bills and fees, not even the fact that i'm doing it for my future and myself.
i couldn't care less.
i have 8 difficult long exams left and i don't wanna deal with them.
i feel guilty for even existing and breathing and not studying.
i don't recognize myself anymore in the mirror, i look like a ghost of myself, therapy just doesn't help anymore.
please, for god's sake, i'm begging you.
help me.
i really feel uncomfortable writing this, but i'm feeling depressed.
i'm was diagnosed with depression 2.5 years ago and was for 2 years on antidepressants.
i just cant do it anymore.
what's the point of any of this?
i'm 19 and already ruined my looks my health and my future.
i'm planning on driving my car on the train tracks, to get out and let my body get crushed between car and train.
i don't even cry anymore at the thought of me dying.
sorry if this seems like a rant.
i have an internship coming up in a week and i just cant do it.
i feel like i'm not qualified and end up with a shit job and being just as sad as 2 years ago when i was a chef.
i feel like the end is near, the only reason i haven't done it jet is because of my parents.
i'm truly sorry.
normal me was a fun-loving person who liked laughing with my friends and playing sports with my neighbors who are about my age.
now all i do is cry.
i feel like i have nowhere to go.
how does this happen to people?
what happened to me?
i just wanna go back.
i even had good grades back then.
now, i'm so close to failing my classes.
i even refused to play a game of cards with my own family.
i'm stubborn to every single little thing i hear.
does anyone have this issue or atleast knows how to deal with it even a little?
i’ve been feeling really down lately, i feel very ugly.
i feel like a loser and won’t leave my bed.
i lost joy in everything i used to enjoy so i do nothing all day, everything is out of control so i honestly don’t know how to start and don’t have the energy to concur everything, but doing nothing is not helping at all it’s actually making me feel helpless.
my life is a mess, i am a mess i don’t know how to get it together
well, growing up i was never one to label my issues.
i've just always been one of those people who just moved on in life, that includes issues with my parents, friends, loved ones, etc.
perhaps i learnt too early that the world is cruel and no one really cares for you.
idk, i was also a misfit in most classes.
i was popular but the moment i left school, no one bothered to talk to me, so ive never actually had real friends, so no one to talk about my issues to, also i've moved a lot so i  have not had a friendship that has lasted for more than 2 years.
for once, i actually made a best friend that had similar tastes and likings, but he left my country too.
&amp;#x200b;things just havent been great since.
i made a friend, a couple actually, maybe 4-5 in total.
even though i am grateful for them, one of them is a little childish so doesn't seem to know/care about my feelings, one is too matured(he's really into maths) and one, is just too popular.
but, the last one calls me a best friend, i've never felt so though.
she talks to me maybe once a week, but has her own issues too, i try to help her, but being a bit blunt naturally i am of hardly any use.
at home too, my father and i hardly talk(we used to be very close), and i get scolded by my parents all the time.
they are all very energetic(also have anger issues) while i am pretty mellow.
i also used to write some creative works, stopped them nowadays.
no motivation.
i was good at art.
i lost my touch.
i loved basketball, it was my daily therapy session.
covid happened.
workout frequently, thats good.
unable to sleep.
&amp;#x200b;nowadays, i just loiter around the house, with nothing to do.
i try to read but i just end up staring at the ceiling.
also, i dont like to show too many emotions.
but over the past 2 days, ive had 2 breakdowns where i have cried.
in the past 5 years, i've cried maybe 7 times, all of them coming this year.
it mostly just starts from not having anyone to love/care for me.
i just long for someone to talk to.
loneliness really.
sorry, i might not even be depressed.
so sorry, if this is the wrong place to write this.
 i just feel like i'm falling,i can't get over it.
even with the happy pills i feel like dying.
i'm tired and i only feel like i can't keep the feeling of happiness long into my body.
just as if my brain didn't want anything to do with this happiness or this comforting feeling of wamth.
everyday is just a step closer to death.
they say to make the best out of our lives, to live it at its fullest.
i don't agree.
what's the point?
we are born to work and be slaves to a society whom doesn't appreciate the things we do for them.
nobody is grateful.
nobody.
born to die.
thats what we are.
they also said teenager years are the best years you could ever have.
if being depressed,  having deep family trauma, having to work on school things like a maniac and crying yourself to sleep every night whats fun about teenage years, i'm scared of adulthood.
even with a psychologist, happy pills and great friends and lover, i cant keep it together.
i feel so broken.
like if i will never get fixed again.
i'm sick of being tired everyday, yet i'm still trying to see the happiness people are so obsessed with.
nothing i do matter at this point.
i tried going out with friends, with my girlfriend, my family, everything.
no matter what i do.. no matter what i say.
it's useless.
i'm just making everyone sad.
i'm so tired of faking.
i'm so tired of having to take drugs to make me happy.
the happy pills aren't true happiness and its just so fucking fake i hate it.
i want to throw everything away.
runaway with my bff and never come back.
maybe then i would be truely happy?
i just feel like a rat in an experiment cage.
i care too much about others.
i cant focus on myself even if i was quarantined in a room by myself without any electronics.
i dont really think its gonna change either.
this emptiness in my heart, this hole that just grew bigger.
« i'm just a useless child »i feel like i'm falling from an infinite hole.
hair slapping my face as i float in this pressure of gravity and wind.
a loud cacophony of violent screams the wind dose hitting my ears and making me fully aware of my decent from the sky.
this feeling of despair fulfils my entire body, it being already anxious and dark from the inside.
my trembling hands touched the soft clouds with its bitterness taste on my tongue.
my life flashes before my eyes as i close them oh so tightly.
bathing in the empathy of emotions and nothingness.
i will keep falling until i finally hit the hard graveled ground.
only then i shall feel freedom.
all one has to do is look at the rising suicide rates over the years(i know it’s been on the rise for years in the us) and the fact that social media has caused our generation to be more lonely, detached, and anxious than ever before.
i guess what made me write this is that i’ve read countless “unpopular opinions” about how billie eilish is overrated because she writes depressing music to be trendy and that she’s only “fake depressed”.
little do they know, she’s talked about how she used to self harm in bathrooms and has had suicidal thoughts.
i do think it’s become fairly popular nowadays to “gate-keep” depression.
now you have to prove you’re actually depressed in order for people to initiate you into this depression club they’ve formed.
if you smile a few times with your friends or take social pics for instagram, those gatekeepers think it’s impossible for you to be depressed.
you make one dark-humored joke about having depression, they’ll say you’re only doing it because it’s trendy; not because you’re actually depressed.
gate-keeping depression is weird.
anyone can be depressed and even suicidal.
rich or poor.
conventionally attractive or not.
in a committed relationship or not.
that person you see who’s bubbly in person could be putting up a facade so you can’t see just how broken, damaged, and helpless they feel internally.
gate-keeping depression does way more harm than good(if there’s any good at all) because what if that person who’s in serious need of help decides to attempt suicide—not to actually die but solely to be taken serious and to avoid people saying they’re seeking attention.
"get therapy""you need therapy""have you talked to a therapist about this"the amount of times i receive responses like this is astronomical, and i've held my peace regarding my thoughts on the world of therapy for far too long.
i am sick and tired of being told this is the end-all solution to my problems.
long story short, i was diagnosed with depression and anxiety right around the age of six after the passing of my father.
since i wasn't an adult and couldn't really make my own decisions, i was stuck bouncing from "professional" to "professional" for twelve years.
it was always the same thing.
they'd try to pry my soul open and prescribe experimental drugs that would work momentarily before fucking me up and leaving me feeling worse off than before or, in some cases, a psychiatric ward.
the physical affects were there, too- i was morbidly obese for most of that timeframe.
i don't think i really need to go into detail on all the bullying and harassment i got as a result of that alongside my cleft palette- i'm sure we all know just how fucking cruel kids can be.
when i turned 18, i said enough is enough and dropped the medications and the therapists/psychologists/psychiatrists.
and you know what?
my life is admittedly still a shit show.
i have no friends and nobody to talk to.
most people cannot stand me once i actually open up to them, which is harder to do now more than ever on account of being in abusive relationships and periods of having shitty friends.
that said, i've honestly done more with myself than i ever did on all of that garbage and people with prestigious degrees poking and prodding my brain all day long.
if i hadn't done this, i honestly have no idea how i'd even be able to drive or hold a job because of how much the meds screwed with me.
i've also lost a ton of weight since i don't have the heightened appetite that i used to.
i was once over 300 pounds...i'm now sitting at a comfortable 161 pounds and plan on being about 140 by the end of the year following some setbacks.
in addition, i don't have to worry about the obscenely inflated costs of these "professionals" and medication that doesn't even work for me.
i'm not exactly rich now, but there's no way in hell i'd be able to survive if i was stuck paying for that crap considering how much of a joke american healthcare is.
i'm not saying this is the path for everyone in a similar situation.
i'm glad the shit works for the people who can afford it or actually benefit from it, but i can't say i'm one of those people and i know there are others.
telling me to "go to therapy" after wasting a dozen years of my life on it with hardly any (positive) results just sounds like you're telling me to go fuck myself at this point.
if it was actually affordable and worked for me, i'd be all for it but that just isn't the case.
i just wish people would stop acting like it's going to solve all my problems, or anyone else's for that matter.
does anybody else feel like life would be great if your career wasn't causing so much stress?
i hate my job but i don't really have any alternative options.
feeling so trapped right now.
just need a way out of this soul sucking career.
why do i even bother...?
doing things.
getting jobs.
going through hardships.
what's the point.
i've already given up in my heart and i want to die.
ughhhhh i'm so annoyed at myself
any tips y'all?
i'm trying to avoid getting emotional validation from folks when i know it'll only last a second.
sometimes i feel like doing something stupid to get attention.
i’m depressed but i feel like it’s invalid, we choose our own reality’s every single day and i know depression is not a choice but i feel like i have no reason to be sad.
i feel like i’m wasting these days with nice weather and wasting my teenage years.
if i just had the motivation i could be living my dream life rn but for some reason i just can’t bring myself to do anything that benefits me
id like to start by saying i am a 23 year old male who is a very compassionate person.
id say i hate upsetting people i care about so that i always come off as a good guy.
this has affected me my whole life especially with women i liked because when i would go out with a woman i always seem to come off as friendly and what you call a “nice guy” in which i end up in the friend zone.
last year in july, i met a girl through a friend and i really liked her and i was told she liked me as well.
the second time we hung out we actually kissed and we acted like a couple even tho we weren’t.
everything seemed like it was headed the right direction until the 3rd time we met up.
this was a date set up by me and i picked her up and we went out and well i pretty much had an anxiety episode the whole night acting nervous and just embarrassing myself all due to my anxiety.
she ended up telling me maybe we could end the date and reschedule.
i feel she was uncomfortable by my actions but at the same time i feel she did it to help me ease up.
after that day i never spoke to her the same way.
id also like to say i apologized to her about a thousand times, which now that i think about it, made her lose even more interest.
ever since that day, i have seen her a couple of times and we actually get along fairly well but me being me i dont want her knowing i still like her because i dont want her to think i will ask her on another date even tho thats what i really wanna do.
she never said she wouldnt want to go out with me again but i tend to think negatively and assume its game over with her.
i dont ever text her unless she replies to one of my instagram posts or something, so i wouldn’t even know how to get that spark going again.
and well i dont even know if its a good idea.
please leave your opinions below and ideas for me because i really dont know what to do and its bringing my mood down day by day.
how many of you are night-owls and do you feel that staying up late helps or worsens your depression?
if it does help, have you considered working later hours?
(that's what i did)
helloi'm being really depressed lately and even though i have never been really happy in my life i have always forced myself to gatherings and other social stuff.
now i just can't anymore and i don't want to.
thing is i keep declining politely but people insist.
let's say i manage to find an excuse for this weekend but they are already asking about next weekend and so on.
and the more i decline, the more they start to take it personally.
they send to me: "is something wrong?"
"did i say something that upset you?"
"are you avoiding me?"
obviously it has literally nothing to do with them.
i also don't want to tell them that i'm feeling down or anything close to it.
i don't want them to know and i don't want them to start asking what's wrong and how they can help.
so i'm stuck having to find the most stupid excuses that people won't believe.
the thing is that i don't want to hurt their feelings either.
i could surely just reject any meet up and leave it be but i don't want them to take it personally and feel sad about it.
i sure know how awful it feels to be rejected, i'm talking from experience but i just can't force myself anymore.
i have spent years wearing a mask on, pretending to be focused (i have brain fog, i can't really focus) but at the same time trying as hard as i could to pay attention so the person didn't think i was just bored.
i have to be somewhat happy around them and more or less lively, i have to be optimistic for them whenever they tell me about some hardships of theirs (optimism that i won't even believe in myself but i know it gives them hope), i have to make up some stuff about my life that doesn't make me look like a loser because they always end up asking what's up with me, i have to pretend i have projects going on or some goals to achieve...and i also have to listen to their achievements or new things in their lives : new boyfriend, new job, moving houses, traveling, opportunities...oh and having to hold myself from crying because that's what i do 50% of the time.
it's extremely exhausting.
i can't do it anymore but i don't want to ghost people or hurt them.
and i don't even want to reply to texts, even random stuff.
the ironic thing is that when i was craving attention and company there was no one available.
and now that i don't want it, people insist.
i'm so depressed.
i have nothing to live for anymore.
all my 'friends' hate me, they constally argue with me.
i don't feel like i can even talk to anyone in my family.
my life is the same everyday, i hate it.
i have no hobbies anymore because nothing is fun.
i can't handle life anymore.
being trans ftm really isnt helping since i constantly get misgendered even when i tell people about it.
i'm so selfish and have no empathy for others.
i hate myself and others.
i'd be better off gone.
despite my depression, i’m a really kind person.
it shouldn’t be this hard to maintain a relationship with someone.
are people’s best interests really only for themselves?
it seems like it.
what happened to people?
maybe this is a sign that i should just go solo.
i’ve had periods in my life where i have not been depressed, but as i’m getting further away from it, it feels like that was the lie.
it gets me thinking that i use depression as an excuse and i’m actually just a lazy procrastinator who wants to sit on his phone.
i don’t want to make a doom and gloom shitpost but its like life is just like this.
i’ve deleted all my social media permanently in a fit of depression then a couple days later i reset my phone so i couldn’t ask for help from my friends since i don’t have there contacts anymore i can’t even talk to the one person who’s always been there for me (my brother) i don’t respond to txts or calls anymore i can’t do the things i use to find enjoyable i thought maybe confronting my pain would help or seeing a therapist but at the end of those nights i’m alone and part of me feels like that’s what i deserve.
oh shut the fuck up.
it doesn't, it fucking doesn't.
it just gets worse.
i don't have the energy anymore to fight them thoughts.
i have my suicide planned tomorrow.
tomorrow, cause its 1 year since this whole suffering started.
i don't want to fight anymore so that i keep others happy.
don't care if they call me selfish, cause hey, maybe i am.
the only people i will feel sorry for is probably going to be my  parents and my therapist.
probably the only people who give a shit about me but can't help the broken mess i am.
i have a therapy session tomorrow and i'll tell my therapist goodbye and hug her and go home to cut my wrists in the bathroom.
don't care about the pain i'm gonna feel, cause it'll be the last time feeling it.
everything i wrote here came straight from the heart so sorry for any mistakes.
bye everyone, my time comes tomorrow.
18 m i'm missing my childhood days when i could watch tv all day without getting bored or tired, when i could chill and play with myself alone and not being called a weirdo or psychopath.
according to hinduism, we get human form after 160,000 reincarnation and i m spending my prime youth days of human life scrolling youtube and fb all day, whereas other kids of my category are hanging out, having sex ( some lost the v before 17) accomplishing stuffs and all.
why did god chose such a lonely path for me.
when i was a kid i thought i would have accomplished a lot by this age, but at this age i don't even have friends, how wrong could i be 🙃
whether it's due to past actions, thoughts or feelings, there's always something to taint how i view myself.
sometimes it's stupid, trivial stuff i mess up in my day-to-day life or memories of dumb things i did as a child.
other times, it's a political stance that i should know better about or be in agreement with but for some reason l don't, a bad habit that i know i should change and the fact that i refuse dictates my character, my emotional immaturity and sexual frustration that makes me think i shouldn't be craving a partner, let alone looking for one.
all these reasons, either by themselves or in conjunction, are always hammering in my head the judgement that i'm just... not a good person.
but what does that even mean?
what defines these metrics of "good" and "bad" personhood?
it's certainly not a standard i hold other people by, so why do i do it to myself?
why do i think of myself differently from everybody else?
are my mistakes any different from everyone else's?
at first glance that would obviously be false, but it all comes crashing down when i ask: if they are truly mistakes, why do i keep repeating them?
why don't i learn from them?
why do i keep going down paths i know to be wrong?
why do i not change?
that's where my innocence dies.
at the accusation that my errors aren't accidental, but deliberate.
that i consciously choose to continue doing what i know it's bad for me, or maybe even others, but i'm either too deep in a comfort zone to be bothered or make up excuses to avoid what, by my own stabdards, is a moral imperative.
and so i apologize.
over and over.
out loud.
everytime something like this crosses my mind, i let out a single "i'm sorry!
", or perhaps several in succession.
at first it was just in my head, then it evolved to whispering, now it's either a full on vocal burst or an anxious mantra i find myself enunciating several times a day.
but am i really sorry?
sorry for what?
do i regret being who i am or am i just excusing the call out?
how can i be sorry if i can't seem to ever take responsibility, even for what's in my head?
it's like i actually want this.
but i don't.
i mean... i want to think i don't.
yet i still can't shake the feeling that i deserve it.
that i chose this life, this mindset, and therefore i need to just shut up and deal with it.
how can i ask for help if this is my own fault?
how can i ask for help if i refuse to change?
how dare i ask for help if i did this on purpose?
suddenly, what seemed to be minor revealed a potential side of me that's... ugly to look at.
a side i feel has no place in this world.
i may avoid it all i want, but it's always there, lurking, and every deviation reminds me of it.
some tell me i should just put in an effort and change.
others say i need to just accept it as a part of me and move on.
these two stances seem to be in direct contradiction of one another, and i'm constantly battling between the two.
nothing is as black and white as i make it out to be, which is ironic given the title of this post.
i have yet to find out how to effectively break my cycle of self-hatred.
i know that wouldn't magically solve my issues, but at least i would not deliberately make it all worse.
handle things for what they are, and not as a mirror of my worst self.
i don't know what being a good person even is anymore, or if that's who i should be.
i just don't want to be the bad person i fear and hate so much.
i'm adopted but i've always been in contact(maybe available is a better word).
i remember when i was 11 he bought me super smash brothers for the wii and i played it so much.
he also got me a laptop but it went to my older brother because i really didn't need it as a kid.
anyways about two years ago he was dying .
my birth mother told me  but i didn't believe her because she's been fucked up to my birth siblings and i was so focused on work back then.
it makes me so sad to think about.
i didn't even go to his funeral because of social anxiety and not being able to drive but thats really not an excuse.
i havent thought about this in so long because i hate thinking about it.
like my anxietyand personal hang ups just kept me from being there and i hate myself for it.
i really wish i knew him.
my birth mother just wanted to put me on her section 8 and dangle a living space over my head(she did this to my sister who literally had nowhere else to go) i just didnt and dont trust her.
i wish i did when my dad was dying.
thats my biggest regret ever.
idk sorry if this doesnt make sense.
hi guys.
i’m new here.
i’m really depressed and i need someone or some people to talk to so that life would at least feel better.
i’m in a very dark place right now and i wish i could just talk to you guys out there.
i really just don't care about life anymore.
i've let go of hope and expectation, i feel like the only people i can dissapoint are others because i no longer feel the need to meet societies standards of success.
i don't know if this makes me a nihilist, but it's like i realise that we are just animals.
every other species on the planet is content to survive...to eat, sleep, drink, fuck and socialise and that's it for them.
but we humans have created a system which makes our lives so damn complicated and full of expectation.
i'm at university but have been failing all year due to depression and just feeling totally unmotivated and lost in my own head due to spending the best part of 2 years alone in my room.
i'm no doubt going to fail this semester and lose my place, and yet...i'm okay with that.
i realise that i'm not built to succeed, and to be honest the things i value and enjoy aren't the material things that we attribute to success.
as long as i have my basic needs met, my health, the internet, movies, family and the odd luxury here and there then i think i can be perfectly content.
maybe this is the release i need.
i have been wallowing for so long in my sense of failure, that i'll never meet my own expectations, never have a good career, never have the perfect life.
i feel like i could just get a not so bad job in a warehouse or store for 30 hours per week and be happy.
is this nihilism?
hii heard again and again that denying or pretending is unrecommended to release stress or overthinking.
for example, pretending i am happy while i am not; denying a resentment towards someone and pretending that he is a close friend etc.
have worked perfectly with me but experts see these techniques to be harmful.
why is that?
i keep thinking that i’m doing ok, but then i make a mistake and suddenly i feel like the only logical thing to do is to kill myself.
my thoughts spiral, and repeat on a loop.
i’m a bad person.
i’m worthless.
it would be better for everyone if i was gone.
i can’t do anything right.
i’m a bad person.
i’m not good enough.
i’m worthless.
i’m stupid.
i’m useless.
i’m a bad person.
i hate myself.
it would be so much easier if i wasn’t here.
i’m a bad person.
my dad is currently in the hospital after self harming for the first time.
he’s started ect but so far it’s just made him angry at the nurses, so he had his “leaving the facility for a walk” privileges removed.
he’ll be in there for several weeks longer, at least.
possibly months.
i don’t want to be that.
i don’t want to do that.
i should just quietly go away and stop bothering everyone.
so my psychiatrist is going to push my insurance to approve this form of ketamine treatment for me as soon as possible... i have treatment-resistant depression at the moment, and i've never felt so low in my entire life (dealt with depression and bpd since i was at least 19, now 32)... anyone had experience with it?
should i get my hopes up?
i'm basically at my wit's end and need relief.
actually no one talks to me at all.
i feel disposable.
not sure if i have depression all this while but idw to self diagnose
i'm tired of faking being ok and normal.
i'm tired all the time and just feel constantly empty, i don't care for anyone.
not even what few friends i have.
i just want to ghost them and not have to talk to them anymore.
i want to be alone so i don't have to pretend to be someone i'm not.
i want to edit this thread with a more attractive style of writing but i just don't have the time for it, nor have i done any spell check or editing.
i apologize in advance.
it was obvious from a young age that i held a strong level of empathy.
from my house cats falling ill, to seeing homeless people on the streets.
even my five year old self couldn't help but aknowledge the pain felt in others.
sometimes i wish i was more ignorant and more worried about myself than others, because at that age i would have had no worries at all.
let's fast forward to when i was a highschooler.
at the age of 15 i lost my virginity, i fell in love with a girl named kaylee growing up, we used to play so much and spend countless nights looking at the stars, a few times we touched each other and those moments were so embarrassing, i really did love her.
but the night i lost my virginity was to someone else, she was a younger girl, very attractive and a good dancer; she knew exactly what she was doing and it def wasn't her first rodeo.
regardless who it was, having sex at the time was something i've been wanting to try since puberty.
kaylee always seemed interested in having a relationship with other boys, older boys, not me, even though i was 10 billion percent sure she loved me too, so i took the bait after years of pent up sexual tenacity.
everything seemed fine until one day i started noticing changes in my private area.
flash backs of everything i learnt in school hit me at once and i convinced myself that this natural accurance was an unlucky std that happaned to favor its instance in my life.
i was devastated, and at a young age i didn't want anyone to know.
years went by as i carried this burden alone and not really changing who i was, in fact, i became even more outgoing, more talkative, more adventurous, or maybe that's who i was anyways.
but they say, "try to live every day like it's your last."
and i truly lived with that moto in heart, it was natural, not something i had to remind myself to keep doing.
those years, it felt like there was something special about me.
my little secret seperated myself from others who ignorantly ran around having fun, never knowing how easy life could be stripped from you.
but what made me the most special, was the promise i made to myself that i would never hurt someone the way that girl hurt me.
so for the next 3 years i denied any secual advances from any girl who came my way, no matter how beautiful they were.
until one day i met cassaundra english.
she lifted me up so high and i wanted to be normal so badly!
i wanted to know what love felt like.
we met playing an online game, and at the time this was a bran new thing in the world.
before ever seeing each others face we spent months keeping our characters close, even leaving our console on over night with our characters standing side by side.
never once talked romantic, we were just having fun.
well one day, she asked me if i wanted to go to her prom dance with her, we downloaded aol and started talking, and i saw her face.
i couldn't believe how beautiful she was and i said yes 😍 a month later after the prom, which was a really fun night, i was always confident in myself, but this night was special, i was surrounded by hundreds of kids my age who i never knew and i never was going to know, something about that makes it even easier being yourself, and she was such a good dancer, and so was i, we kissed and touched for the first time that night.
a week later we planned on meeting up again, sept this time she came to my home town and i learned more about her and experienced first hand her level.of intelligence, empathy, imagination, and her confidence aswell.
and upon the last night i had her over, we had sex!
which was over in an instance lol it was amazing and i could tell she really liked me and it was waaaaaaay better than it was with the girl who took my virginity.
i was in love.
what i didn't see coming though, was the way that phone call the next day would make me feel.
it was about 10 am in the morning and i was playing my xbox when i got the call, and just like the time i noticed the changes in my private area, her phone call sent a wave of anxiety and flashbacks of what i knew i did wrong.
i couldn't asnwer the phone, i was so scared that maybe she was mad at me for doing what i swore i would never do, i was so afraid that i made her sick!
that's when the trauma in my life took its turn for the worst.
anxiety attacks that felt like hallucinations started happening every single day more than once.
sometimes they'd make me go blind, sometimes i would puke, sometimes everything around me went shinny and gave off vibrations as my world spun around me.
these feelings were always accompanied by a fast heart rate and a sweaty scalp, tingly scalp.
i couldn't tell no one!
and sometimes these attacks would happen sitting right next to my peers and they had no idea at all!!!
i was sick and i wanted to kill myself for hurting someone, that's how i felt deep down.
you think the anxiety would have started when i first noticed all the changes in my life right?
but no, it was after i hurt cassaundra english, or so i believed.
here's the kicker, the huge kick in the ass i should have seen coming.
sassy kept calling me for a whole year as i ignored every single one of those calls.
then she started talking to a friend of mine who i saw everyday, he was the best distraction i had at the time that took me away from my thoughts.
he has yet to this day ever mention sassy reaching out to him.
i know this because i met up with sassy 8 years later and she told me everything.
she mentioned how she kept asking him questions, like, "what's wrong with alex?
and why is he not talking to me?"
as he kept saying idk, idk, and asked constantly if she wanted to hang out with him instead.
she refused every time.
my friend chris could have saved me from all the suicidal thoughts i was running away from at the time, all i needed to know is that she was okay since my immature self couldn't handle the thought of what i feared most.
i can't believe i had such a shitty friend like that.
the worst thing about those years is how i carried myself and how i ignored the panic attacks and again, kept my promise not to touch anyone ever again or hurt anyone again!
those years that followed were beautiful, i took huuuuge risks and never saw myself living past 30, the stress was causing stomach ulcers, hair loss, vomiting, bleeding, and speech patterns that made me believe that i was going crazy, as if herpes had spread to my brain.
regardless of the weird buzz i had, i was still living life to its fullest, doing backflip gainers from 75ft cliffs, going down white waters on innertubes, partying so loud!
and making so many people laugh!
not much has changed about me to this day.
and it was many years ago when i finally worked up the courage to seek help.
and i'm glad i did but part of me misses the way i felt those days, the things about me that made me special weren't real.
i remember how confused i was when i left the doctors office, i was 23 at the time, met some really shitty people who i was able to open up too.
but when i finally had myself checked out and the doctor told me i was fine, i remember how angry, sad, happy, and excited i felt all at once, i yelled so loud!!!!!!!!
and i hated myself so much for letting my head, my thoughts, my imagination and worst of all my empathy to have so much control over me!!!
i still haven't changed tho!!!
i can't stop being who i am, i'm a load of fun but i'm also someone you shouldn't hurt!
nobody should hurt anybody and i wish i had the power to change that.
they say we are our worst enemy and it is so true!!
anyone could have saved me during those days.
i remember waiting and waiting for any single person to ask me the right questions.
i knew once it happaned my tears would have flown from my face at hundreds of miles per hour!
but it never happaned, and all it took in the end was to open up, and share my secrets with anybody, didn't even have to be someone special.
i know the one thing that has changed about me, is my ability to open up, and i know better than anyone how dangerous it is to hold a secret, especially the ones that are eating you up inside.
so please, anyone who's reading this, don't make enemies with your own mind.
life is so exhausting
sometimes i don't know if i'll ever feel an emotion again.
i used to get chills at the end of a good movie.
i used to feel so at peace daydreaming about living in the countryside, imagining the beauty of fields and trees and rivers and cabins in the woods.
just thinking about it put me in a sort of trance.
when i read a book and the characters were hurting, i would feel horrible.
sometimes i would wake up buzzing with happiness from a really good dream.
the dream was perfect, it was beautiful, it was pure joy.
i would spend the morning clinging to the feeling, as my memory of the dream faded away.
it was the best feeling in the world.
then when i couldn't feel it anymore, i would be hit with this overwhelming feeling of emptiness.
by comparison to that dream, my life was completely worthless and empty and dull.
i would feel so hollow.
like i had been given a new perspective.
if that was happiness, then what could i even call my real life?
it was nothing in comparison.
it was like i was being shown just how worthless and boring and meaningless and dull and useless and sad my existence really was.
it was shattering.
i had dreams like this maybe three or four times throughout my childhood.
i can't remember a single thing about them except how great they were.
and how real life was completely empty in comparison.
through middle school, and freshman year of high school, i was the definition of stress and anxiety.
my mental health hurt my grades, which hurt my mental health, which led to my mental situation near the end of my first year of high school.
my brain was so fried, from years of stress, that we were doing conversions in class and i was completely out of it.
i asked the guy next to me a clarifying question about the units.
he laughed as he told me i had just tried to measure weight in inches.
it sounds silly, but it shows just how burnt out i was.
the brain fog was crazy.
sometime in middle school i realized i felt numb.
i cried myself to sleep wishing i could feel.
that might sound silly too, crying because you can't feel as sad as you used to.
when i think about that now, i can logically recognize that i don't feel emotions that well, but that fact doesn't make me sad anymore.
that's how numb i am.
i used to feel sad because i was so numb.
but now all i feel is numb.
life really is just that sad and meaningless thing i came back to after a wonderful dream.
but i don't feel sad about it anymore.
because i can't.
logically, i can recognize that if my old self was watching my current self, he would probably be brought near tears of pity.
and i envy him for it, though i can't feel the envy.
..also - just a question for whoever might see this: have you ever had one of those dreams i mentioned?
it can't just be me, right?
people: don't be so insecure and depressed about things you can't change about yourself.
also people: what the fuck is that, i want to burn my eyes and extinguish them with gasoline!
!1i fucking hate this stupid shit.
born with disgusting traits i had no say in, permanent treatment is nonexistent, i just want to be normal, and them there are people, not just a couple either, but pretty much the whole thread just balantly and with great detail telling me how disgusting my traits are.
what am i supposed to do?
i can't live like this it's so fucking unfair and i had to deal with it since fucking puberty.
could never have a proper youth, no, it was taken from me, but by all means, tell me how disgusting i am, tell me how you want to cleanse your eyes or how viewing my physical defect ruined your day.
people are fucking evil, i don't give a shit for whatever happens to humanity.
guys this harsh for like bottling my own emotion, crying without no one seeing me and other stuffs plus i experienced childhood trauma and even today it affected me big so pls help
i need advice for how i can help my mum.
some back story: my mum has dealt with abuse her whole life.
she was abused by her parents, and then she dealt with abuse from my narsassistic dad, her ex partner.
recently, she left him for the sake of my sister and i, because he was severely impacting our mental health.
she has mentioned attempting suicide once before to me.
it happened before she had me and my sister.
we live in a small house now, and i think it has hurt her pride a lot.
we were just cut off income support, she's unemployed and child support is barely enough for us to get by.
yesterday was mothers day and she suddenly burst into tears, saying she had failed us and she was a bad example, and that everyone looked down on her.
i've only seen my mother cry maybe 5, 6 times so it was really scary.
today, she was talking to me about how she can't find a job.
i told her not to give up, and that eventually she will find work again.
she just has to stay strong.
she says to me "yeah, i guess i will.
hopefully i find a job soon.
or else i guess i'll just kill myself."
i know it sounds off handed but she has never said anything like that to me before, and she isn't the type of person to say something like that flippantly.
i must have looked worried, she said soon after "i take it back.
of course i wouldn't kill myself.
where would you two go?
i can't leave you with your dad."
i can't really remember what else she said, but she said some more scary things.
she hasn't been herself lately.
she's always angry, and complaining and i feel like i've been walking on eggshells trying to make her happy.
it's also had a really bad effect on me.
i feel everything she feels.
i can't be happy unless she's happy.
i am also dealing with suicidal thoughts.
my reason for staying alive is pretty much the same as hers.
i can picture how wrecked she would be if i did it, and thats what keeps me going.
i don't know why i included that, but i guess i needed to let it out.
sorry for the trauma dumping besties i really apologise, i just don't know what to do.
i feel so lost.
i've suggested therapy to her but she won't even consider it.
i don't know how to help her.
:(
it makes me feel ill that there are people out there that spend their money on useless things as i sit here and rot making $12:50 an hour and just barely making it by.
i broke down today.
i don’t see the point.
i don’t have the money to go to college and do something with my life.
i’m so fucking miserable.
i cried and cried.
i wish something could help.
i feel like a lost little kid.
but i’m 22. nobody cares when you’re an adult.
i was so starry-eyed and motivated and excited about life a few years ago.
i was ready to give my minimum wage job my all and bee seen and move up.
the reality is harsh.
nobody fucking cares.
i’m just a replaceable tool to any company.
i was full of dreams.
i’m so empty now.
i’m barely hanging on.
anyone else get depressed when you hear a certain song that brings you back to the days when life was better?
shit sucks
i wish i could live in a forest or in the arctic or just in some random city that would otherwise depress me.
i wish i could just sit there and be fine with sitting there and not feel like there's something wrong all the time.
i’m sad.
i’m so fucking sad.
i spent the entire day in bed yesterday from start to finish and i want to just stay.
i hate my job and it’s definitely a huge contributing factor to my depression.
however, i’m worried how it’ll look on a resume for me to quit after 5 months.
i only have an associates degree and a long history of restaurant work and about 2 years in legal clerical work.
my current job being a receptionist at a law firm and my previous being a courtroom clerk at the county courthouse.
i actually liked the courthouse job but they pay so horribly i couldn’t stick around anymore.
this job i have now is fine but it is insanely uninteresting.
like holy shit.
the days go by painfully slow because there isn’t enough to do and what there is to do is so boring i can barely focus on it.
this puts me more in my head because i don’t have work to distract me and i’m left “looking busy” and staring at the clock.
i hate it and it just isn’t for me.
however, because of my limited experience, i can’t find another white collar job where i’m being paid the same or more with benefits.
i’m considering just saying screw the benefits and going back to serving tables just so i can not be completely miserable while i’m trying to find something else, but i feel like it’s a bad move.
i don’t want to compromise my mental health for a job but i need to think about my life.
i obviously need to get back in therapy.
i have an appointment set at the end of the month.
cant be in therapy without fucking benefits.
so i just feel super stuck.
i gotta move in a week and need to buy furniture and my savings is limited.
i’m stuck.
i’m very very close to losing my mind.
i just want time to myself.
but i can’t because my life is ruled by money and fucking health benefits.
what a joke.
i’m gonna lose it.
i’m considering bringing my situation to my boss and asking for a layoff so i can at least have unemployment for a little bit while i work on getting better and finding more suitable work but i don’t know if that’s wrong to ask.
i don’t know what to do.
all the time i have this sensation that i'm about to cry, but i can't.
i am so lonely.
i have no one.
i'm a second thought for everyone, even for my boyfriend.
i'm using my throw away account because he only asks me how am i when he sees a post on my main account, otherwise he  doesn't.
i'm tired of living.
i don't see the point of anything anymore.
i hate everyone, beginning with me.
at 12 i was diagnosed with depression and anxiety.
at 15 i was diagnosed with major depressionat 18 i was diagnosed with anorexia and bpdi've been diagnosed with a number of other conditions but these are the most prevalent.
for as long as i can remember i have wanted to die, or at least have wanted to end the mental pain life brings.
one of my earliest memories was an odd one.
i was 6 years old and sitting next to my mum, and i remember asking her "can i die?"
all whilst sincerely wishing that would happen.
from the age of 8 i have expressed concern and distaste in my existence, and have on regularity apologized to my parents for being alive, for wasting their time and money and energy.
i've always felt loved and cared for, yet despite that i have never felt worthy of love and care.
over the years i have be compelled to do anything in my power to not be loved and cared for; my most recent attempt was me ghosting my family for a few days before unknowingly returning (disassociated and returned home without realizing).
i've never had a job, i've never been to higher learning, i've done nothing but cause pain to myself and others.
i'm a complete fuck up and a complete burdnern to anyone that comes into contact with me.
i'm losing my friends and my family are starting to get sick of my bullshit and have a number of times wanted to kick me to the curb.
i see no goals in life, no reason to live.
the eminence guilt i have for being mentally screwed up is huge, and the guilt i have for wanting to die is even worse.
the only reason i'm still alive is because of my guilt and self hatred; if i was selfish i would die, if i loved myself enough to die i would, but living is more of a punishment than death.
my only goal in life is to become even worse.
its to become homeless, loveless, forgotten by the world and by those who care for me.
i want everyone who doesn't hate me to hate me, and for those who love me to revolt me.
i want and i deserve to be a faceless husk, suffering until i die some horrible death.
i need to suffer before i die, and onlt after i have suffered can i end my life.
hey yall... i had to go to school today.
im in class and it suckss.
i just want to hear some of your good experiences at school to lift anyone up feeling like me.
ill start.
&amp;#x200b;one day i came to school and i made progress with my friend.
she actively was participating in convos and started to open up alot more.
we found a ball and named him daryl we buried him in the volleyball court and we dig him out everyday.
we hung out a little bit and i was super happy to make a new friend.
&amp;#x200b;drop your experiences down below
i tried last week and failed.
tried again last night and failed.
last time i contacted my therapist via email and she said she would have to contact the acute care team if i tried again and i don't want to have to deal with new people and possible hospitalisation.
i have assignments to finish and and hand it so i just cant afford to lose more time.
im literally exhausted.
im so tired of waking up everyday to go back to sleep.
im only young but ive done nothing with my life and if i died tomorrow, id have nothing to show for my existence.
none of my family members care about me without either making it about themselves or making me feel bad about my autism or gender expression because im “weird”.
i cant do anything substantial with my life; i just realised how shit at art i am, i was top of my year in grades two years ago now im procrastinating even doing my exams, i want to be good at music but everytime i pick up a guitar i have a breakdown and feel guilty for the person who bought it for me while i lie that im practicing every day.
i have no friends and im disgusting.
i dont want to die but at this point i have no fight left in me
this is to all the sons and daughters who’ve been wronged by their moms just like me.
i know today’s a hard day.
it’s always hard every year seeing everyone post and celebrating their moms on social media and saying how good they are to them and how they love them.
i know it’s hard because we all want that but can’t/don’t have it.
but you, you who are reading this rn, you are strong.
i know it’s hard not having a real mom.
but we can make it through today and carry on into the next.
if you have anyone you can talk to today.
do it.
and let the pain be easier.
i love you all and i hope you guys have a good day
a long, tight one.
i need to feel for one moment, human heat.
i want to be aknowledged.
i exist.
please, someone see me.
so me and my ex broke up a few months back, and we ended on a sort of rough note.
she ended up blocking me.
i would like to apologize to her just out of sincerity.
she can move on and not wanna be friends.
i just want her to know that i’m sorry.
would it look dumb for me to text her?
i had a quarrel with my last friend yesterday.
he is from same college.
i was helpless about my thesis again and i was searching for help on it.
my friend said again and again, you can do it, you can make it etc.
he avoided all the positive advice like giving me some advice how to improve or search for resources, just saying useless encouragement.
honestly it's not the first time and first friend i met.
they all said same words.
if life ever got better, will i be hopeless?
then i told him, what do you think saying that means?
saying but no action is easy but you don't help.
and he said sorry but everyone was same got over after encouragement.
then i said obviously they are smarter and can overcome it but not me.
i am sincerely asking for help but not useless words.
i have heard such words thousands times and i hate it.
a couple of weeks ago, it was one of my closest friends’ birthday.
i’ve known her for around 4 years already, and she really helped me through my depression when it was more severe.
but through these years i was never able to get her a birthday gift due to lack of motivation.
but this year i was finally able to find enough motivation to do it.
but since i never brought her a gift, i asked her friends about what are some of the things she liked.
they told me, but then proceeded to tell her about it.
she thought i was invading her privacy and all, and decided to simply cut off all contacts with me.
i feel like an awful person.
i simply took all the gifts i would have given her and threw it into a dumpster.
if only i didn’t ask.
it’s all because of me.
i lost my closest friends due to one simple good-intended act.
guess it wasn’t after all.
nobody can relate to how i feel since i’m basically the ‘loner’ in my class with little friends who i talk to.
no one understands how i feel especially when losing such a significant piece of my life.
i wished i never asked that damn question.
i just want her back.
she was one of the few people who ever made me feel happy for once.
but now that she’s gone, i suppose it’s just god telling me to go back into the abyss.
greetings, i rather have it very short because i’ve been struggling with my life for the past 3 years not knowing what my problem was, i had bad luck breaking limbs by tiredness i’m seriously depressed hate everything and haven’t achieved a single thing while being 22 therefore blaming myself to be a failure, i could have done.
so much more perhaps have had a stable job a car and driving lisence etc.. i had 3 sleeptest to find out why i slept so bad countless doctors appointments and it turned shit because of false accusion of me having apnea which never got me to a psychiatrist, since this year i had confirmation it not sleepapnea atleast none conecernkng the real problem is my brain about having something that keeps me awake etc..i just recently underestimated psychosis’s/schizophrenia i had a huge war with my self yesterday, after i started looking up about it and i’m mind blown.
i’m quite positive this is the reason behind everything and i know exactly when it happend now, i also think i i’ve stayed into this for so long because of being sleep-deprived.
anyone can confirm sleep is linked to psychos which lead me having this world of my own for 3 years now?
if so this could finally be my redemption
i envy people who have already died or better yet fetuses that were aborted or miscarried.
i wish i was one of them.
sorry if that was a little morbid, i just needed to vent.
i've been feeling pretty sad lately.
please leave an encouraging comment &amp; help me feel better 💕
yesterday i had suicidal thoughts all day.
i tried to hold it together but ended up locked up in my bathroom crying for 5 hours straight.
i was home with my dad and my brother and no one even asked me if i was okay (i honestly think my dad thinks i only cry for attention.
i'm 21 and he knows i have severe depression).
at times it got very loud so they 100% knew i was going through something.
they even avoided walking by the bathroom.
i really wanted to kill myself and i almost called a suicide hotline.
i had never felt more alone in my life.
i always thought my dad and my brother would be there for me but they don't care.
the only thing that was keeping me from killing myself was the thought that i couldn't do that to them since my mom passed away in 2016 and they had already gone through enough, but they don't care.
then i ended up going to my room and cried myself to sleep.
there's no point anymore, i'm in therapy but i don't want to suffer any longer.
it's now 5:51 am and i'm still having the same thoughts.
my eyelids are so swollen from crying.
i've had depression for 4 years now but i can't go on any longer.
no one is going to miss me
i’m almost 20 years old and i got no job, no money, i still live with my mother, i’m failing college miserably, no significant other, no prospects, my friends are all moving up in the world without me, and i have no qualifications.
i talk about unaliving myself and no one’s taking it seriously.
i honestly see no point in sticking around and “wait for things to get better,” only to find complete and utter disappointment.
there’s nothing worth living for!
i feel deeply sad thinking of all the desires that are impossible to realize.
of all the years that i spent frozen in depression and anxiety that have defined my life in ways i don't even recognize.
i don't recognize myself or my life.
my sadness is spilled all over, my life is like a ghost town drowned in a deep sea of grief.
i have never lived and i will never live.
my desires have always been out of reach and unrealistic.
i will never be what i want to be.
i lost too much and i don't have enough.
i feel like a ghost walking around in old rotten dreams all alone.
i'm sooo lost and no motivation at all zzzz
background: i have recurrent depressive disorder.
the first episode lasted year and a half i didn't take any meds.
meditation + aerobic exercise got me in full remission but 7 months ago my second episode happened endogenously ( not by life circumstances ) and it developed melancholic features ( meaning endorphins from exercise doesn't elevate my mood so cardio and meditation are kinda useless this time).
so i started looking into antidepressants but the information i'm finding online is really contradictory.
you see in research they say antidepressants help grow new brain cells in the hippocampus and other brain structures that was damaged by depression so you kinda conclude they are necessary for recovery but in the actual practice they are only anxiolytics ( they just help people be realistic in their emotional reactions ) they don't help with other symptoms of depression such as emotional numbness and anhedonia and in fact sometimes they actually cause these problems especially ssris are known to induce anhedonia and apathy and there's the notoriously [pssd](  i'm really confused on how to treat my anhedonia.
they say online that it's a symptom and to treat it you need to treat the causing disorder such as depression but antidepressants only help with other symptoms of depression they exacerbate anhedonia so what am i supposed to do?
it seems that either way ( with or without meds ) i'm gonna suffer from anhedonia.
i try so hard to be better, to be functional, idk, i feel like everyday is worse and i have nothing more but to give up.
i truly feel lonely everydayand i am so tired of waking up
there are no emotions.
they are just little blips that fade away in seconds i don’t see a point to any of this anymore.
everything is so dull what is the point.
i don’t understand why this is happening and i don’t know how to make it better.
it’s been years and at times i think i might be getting better but then i realize that i’m feeling nothing at all.
and that’s the worst.
i feel like i am less that human, like there is something missing from me
i’ve hidden it for nearly 9 years, obviously i’m good at hiding how i’m truly feeling.
so stop assuming i’m magically better.
tw: eating disordersi was feeling happy for so long, but  i'd occasionally get anxiety because being happy for a long period of time seems suspicious after so many years of going through depression.
pretty much just always waiting for the other shoe to drop.
i know it's a barrier so it won't be as devastating after the next bad thing happens so you can always be prepared.
i finally, finally talked myself out of it at one point to where i stopped always waiting for something terrible to happen and just let it all go and have a more positive outlook.
then, of course, not too long after i was extremely caught off guard by my bestfriend/ ex saying something my previous ex would always say which is saying that they regret meeting me and wouldn't have wasted their time if they knew about my past early on.
it's made me think back to every fight, disagreement, or difficult time that i had with them and it won't stop replaying in my head.
i keep going back and forth between anger and sadness.
anger at people begging me to open up to them just so they can judge me for it and also angry at myself for being vulnerable.
ive struggled with bulimia on and off since 2009 when i was in highschool.
i haven't binged and purged in 3 ½ years now, but i'm really struggling with trying not to start again.
i have gerd from doing it for so long so i've taken medication for it every day since 2018. for the past week, i really haven't eaten much and i have had the worst heartburn so i feel like my body is subconsciously telling me not to b/p because, if i do, it'll make it 100x worse.
my heart is hurting in both the physical and emotional sense.
i've avoided eating all day because i feel like i am just going to relapse if i do.
for those who don't know, bulimia has a lot to do with control issues.
ive cried more times in the past few weeks than i have in probably the last year.
it has been so long since i've felt like this and my usual coping mechanisms are not helping and i can't make the thoughts or the crying stop.
my insomnia is back because of it.
&amp;#x200b;&amp;#x200b;i know therapy is in option, but i'm about to turn 26 and my insurance will change.
it's hard to find someone specializing in: anxiety, depression, bp2, ocd, eating disorders, lgbt, and non-religious
i’m literally depressed cause of the way i look like i feel inferior to those who are good looking.
in my mind ugly=failure.
i can’t get over this toxic idea please help :(.
on oct 11, 2015, i saved a note on my phone.
almost six years later, i’ve found this note again and feel so connected with this note.
i know i'm not okay, i hope i'm gonna be okay.
it's okay not to feel okay.
it feels like i've given up, i let my insecurities get the best of my abilities i want to go on and try for myself, fight for myself but right now i can't.
take my wrists because i can't move them on my own.
i need someone to guide me on my way, to encourage me on my way, to hold me when i stray from clarity.
oh sweet clarity, once when i was so certain of my destiny, of the path i wanted to take, nothing stood in my way, the obstacles i had to face seemed so minuscule.
it's so naive to think inside this little bubble, but i can't blame myself when i sought out for something more because all my life i had known so little and wanted so much more.
i needed to burst that bubble to learn if i was going to finally breathe or if it was to leave me gasping for air.
i loved passionately for the first time, i soared across the sky for the first time, and for the first time i fell and couldn't rise to my feet on my own.
i have never failed and failure was not the fondest of my memories.
it was unfamiliar and it scared me how unpredicted this came and how little i knew about it.
i climbed each day, still with a bruised heart, to make it across the finish line.
i finished, yet it didn't feel honest.
looking back, these new experiences were necessary for my growth, that i can understand but what i can't get over the most is how little i did this for my own, how unaware i was of the hurt it was causing me inside.
how wrong it feels now and how lost i find myself.
what is there now?
what's to become of me after all these years of fighting for one thing, that now doesn't feel rightfully mine?
i've grown so detached, and it ponders the question of when did i lose my desire, when did the fire inside me die?
it's wrong of me to live my life seeking approval when all this time i should have learned to defend my own character and desires.
reality stroked me hard because i didn't account for factors that may interrupt my well-being, my self-worth, my youth, and i closed myself off to emotions because i considered myself to hold mechanical features, but it's apparent that i'm no machine, and i have a soul to care for.
what's left of me is just a self conscious human being living with the same vulnerabilities as my peers.
from this point, i know i have to fight it, but it's hard.
it's so much easier to be numb.
it's so much easier to wallow away and avoid the pain.
i don't want to have to answer questions right now.
i need to figure this stuff out.
i want time to stop for a moment without hurting anyone, to use this time to reflect and make new revelations, to make new goals, to strive for self improvement , to be happy, and to be okay.
i know i'm not okay, take me for who i am right now, because i'm still dealing with all these new emotions, this uncontrolled environment, and although i wish i could bring the change to make me happy, it's a process and it's definitely not one i can do on my own.
the support of my family would be appreciated, and as a family i want what's best for all of us, and i apologize if i got caught up in what's best for me.
i know by helping myself out is going to help them out, but that's hard to believe when i don't see them wanting that change.
well another day same sh!t ,it's beautiful out,and i can't bring myself to open my front door,important things fly past my life as i sit here drowning in disappointement  ,i hate my life ,pretending to everyone that i'm happy while smiling is easier then having a anxious call ,i wish i could have a barbiee in my garden 🍗🍴, plant some fruit ,veg that would be  super 👌,i guess i'll have a ham sandwich instead might treat myself to a cuppa ☕you never know i might get frisky and enjoy a nutella sandwich later ,that's all i'm motivated to do while i can smell my neighbors cooking ,making me hungry 😟 ham mayo bread besides nothing wrong with a sandwhich bread ,jesus is the bread of life 🙏 i will have a holy ham sandwich 🙏🙏🙏maybe one day i can get out of my head and plant my own veggies fruits😎 and have a family bbq one day it will happen .
👩 😎👪👪👪👪🍗🍖😎and is a inflatable pool too much?
never too old for a inflatable pool (i'm 312)my pet 🐏 should be out enjoying the 🌞 but here they are it's okay 💕🐏🐏🐏💞
deep down inside i believe we are heartbroken.
why?
because we have betrayed the visions, ambitions, integrities and values at the core of what it means to be human.
we are all aware of the reality we inhabit.
it is said ignorance is no defence in law, so how can we justify the sidelining of our collective and individual conscience?
why do we accept an inherently cruel society?
it beckons an avalanche of shame that will not shake.
we are sleepwalking in a state of cognitive dissonance.
no measure of mental gymnastics can justify how selfish the world has become.
how we idolise capital and pursue profit regardless of the consequences.
what are we without integrity?
without kindness?
without honesty?
what are we in their absence?
history will remember us as cowards.
it will remember our silent subservience and collobaration with our masters.
we desperately require the collective discussion on what is good, what is beautiful, what is noble, what is pure and true; what is worth living for.
because that is the only conversation worth having.
the only thing i wanted was to make people happy.
i can’t do that, though.
i wish i could.
i’m a freak and that’s how a lot of people see me.
it’s my gender that puts people off.
for that reason, it’s hard to be purely just able to make people happy.
it’s all i want to make somebody smile and be loved by me, and love me back, without restrictions.
i feel hollow without anybody to make happy.
it’s in giving happiness that makes me happy because i know what it’s like to feel alone and cold.
physically cold.
the thought of just how aimless and alone i am gives me full body shivers and chills.
i don’t want other people to feel like me, so i want to make them happy.
my ex girlfriend, my ex ultimately because of my gender, told me that i’m too pure for this world.
i feel so lonely even when i’m not alone because my best friend used to be even so much more to me, and we can’t have that anymore because of how i fucking feel about wanting to be having tits on my chest or the hormonal balance of a woman.
it’s like i can’t be myself unless i sacrifice losing the people who i want to make happy in the way i want to make them happy.
with love.
i’m lonely when i am and when i am not alone.
my existence bores me, i don’t have a purpose.
the one thing that makes me happiest, to make others happy, is something i can’t have all for that i want to be myself too.
i hate how i feel because it means i can’t make anybody happy anymore.
i hate when they ask about the reason i’m sad or don’t care anymore .
there is none its just how i feel.
my friends and sometimes my mother confide in me on what's bothering them.
it feels good having people that trust you or look up to you for comfort.
i try my best giving them the support they need but sometimes i can't.
their situation feels so relatable and i don't know how to help them.
i don't tell anyone what i truly feel because i don't want to be a bother to them.
sometimes i feel they won't understand.
like the time i tried telling my mother.
if she doesn't get it, how can i expect my friends to get it.
my thoughts are eating me up on the inside.
i feel so helpless and exhausted.
tl;dr just a whiny brat who lacks social skills
im a minor who lives with his mum and she knows about my depression, has even ‘tried’ to help me (calling the doctors office once without ever pursuing them) but she’s making it worse.
i can barely go into school every day, and every time she reminds me of my grades and how if i keep it up i’ll never get into university (way to go with helping me feel better).
somehow she always makes it about herself, “i couldn’t get to sleep last night because of you” or “do you know how difficult this is for me”.
i get people are allowed to be affected by my depression, i’m not an idiot, but when it’s this in my face and the replacement for any sort of comfort or love, it fucking hurts and just makes me feel like people care about me even less.
she claims she was once medically depressed, but somehow fails to remember that one of the parts of depression is feeling like everything is a chore and just wanting to stay in your room and wear the same clothes over and over; again, i know that it’s bad that i feel this way and she’s allowed to be affected by it, but yelling and swearing at me doesn’t help.
just this morning we argued about that same thing in my room, i’m crying and obviously hurt, and she just looks at me and continues yelling.
i don’t know how long i can do this for.
so i've been dealing with mental health issues for the last 7-8 years.
met my boyfriend 4 years ago when i was arguably at my lowest.
he's stuck with me through everything after that.
but lately things have become really bad for me and i feel like i'm just a burden on him.
he's also told me many times over that talking to someone as sad as me all day makes him sad too.
i don't want to be the reason for that.
despite everything, i really only want best for him but i'm at the point where i've stopped caring about what happens to me, or trying to get better.
can't seem to find a way out.
should i just end this so he can move on with his life and i can continue to stay miserable in mine?
some thoughts i have.
i had a good week.
today i was especially good mentally.
my friends told me i looked different in a good way.
i feel so uneasy though, because whenever it's like this i always know that depression will hit again in the future.
every time i get a high i will just slump back eventually.
i get these intrusive thoughts that fuel this feeling of unease, and no matter how much i try to shake them off, i still wonder which one will take me down.
my mind just never shuts up.
in fact i just realized that by typing this, i feel like i'm giving place for those thoughts to manifest.
why does my brain hate me?
i'm so tired, but i'll keep fighting it.
seem to be coping by literally pretending anything outside of my room or house doesn't exist.
it's comforting but the minute i am remind i immediately sink again
so i could leave and at least people who care wouldn't have to deal with guilt and wondering if they could have done something.
just a regular tragedy.
all i do is lay in my bed, do nothing and play video games, i have no fucking life, school makes it worse, because im still obligated to go, school feels like fucking torture, i dont know why anyone enjoys looking at someone for multiple hours a day, getting forcefully stressed, getting pressurized and getting told that you're bad because a simple number on a sheet of paper is under 60, why the hell is that obligatory, why should i just be miserable in school and at home, i have no fucking life, i want to fucking die.
i plan on ending it all
i've been pretty numb for the past month or so.
i felt nothing.
i learned yesterday that i'll most probably be fired from my job and will probably not find any work afterwards.
i didn't sleep last night.
anxiety huts really hard after you're numb for a while
i think i've experienced depression once in my life after a miscarriage and since then i've been fine - never had to take medication or experienced suicidal thoughts.
lately i've just felt really sad.
i feel like there is no one i can count on in my life, everyone always just ends up leaving and that i am largely unhappy.
i feel like this way sometimes for a day, sometimes for days, and then it'll go away for a short time before returning.
lately i feel like it may be worst because i am now feeling like i wish i was dead.
however, suicide is not something i'd \ever\ do.
i am very much of the thought process that i'd rather live in pain than not at all and that life is valuable and worth living.
so i am not sure why these thoughts keep on popping into my head and why i am feeling this way.
i do see a therapist, but i am just wondering if anyone else has experienced this and able to work through it without medication.
i just want to feel i am not alone.
thank you.
i feel like shit for feeling so underwhelmed and ungrateful, but i do.
it's the second mother's day mine has been dead.
i've been having a hard time lately.
i had higher expectations i guess.
i've cried a few times today for no reason in particular.
i keep trying things and they work and then they don't and i just want to give up sometimes.
i'm 19, i've never had a relationship while almost everyone around me had at least one.
the only girl i've ever fallen in love with doesn't like me.
i have some hobbies but i'm not good at any of them.
i suck at every sport, no matter how hard i try, my grades aren't bad but are among the worst in my class.
i have ocd and tourettes and it makes my life difficult.
the only thing i'm kinda good at is computer science, but lately i've been doing bad in that too.
i don't know what to do, i feel like i have accomplished nothing in my whole life.
just wanted to vent a bit, idk
i have felt empty all day today, you would think it would be better than feeling awful all day but to be honest i prefer feeling awful.
the whole day today i have been constantly trying to make myself feel bad again because i hate feeling empty, it makes me feel like i'm getting better and i dont want to get better i want to keep suffering until i have suffered through just as much as everyone else.
i have only been feeling awful for two weeks and i feel like i need to suffer for months or even years before i'll allow myself to get help because otherwise i feel like i dont deserve help
i've recovered from depression since almost a year.
but there's still nothing which makes me feel happy or feels worth doing and the world feels black and white.
i'm not sad or hopeless, i'm just way too empty and colourless.
everyday is fucking awful.
everything only gets worse.
i have nothing to look forward to other than more pain and suffering.
i know that there are a lot of people that are in a lot worse scenarios, but i just can’t take it anymore.
i don’t really have any friends, i don’t have a girlfriend, i’m 5’6, i’m overweight, i’m ugly, i’m not that smart, i don’t have any talents, and i have no social skills to go with my social anxiety.
i just feel worse everyday and i really don’t know how much longer i can take it.
even when i’m around people i still feel so alone.
it doesn’t matter.
i’ll never be good enough for anyone or anything.
i don’t even do anything anymore.
i just spend hours doing absolutely nothing not being able to sleep and just contemplating ending my life.
i almost killed myself a few days ago, but in the end i just couldn’t do it, because i know everyone is going to be even more disappointed in me.
i fucked up everything, i don’t see a future where i’m actually happy.
i’m such a pathetic excuse for a human being and i’m honestly just a waste of space.
i wish i could at least do something right and just end my life.
all the stress from school and all the other dumb shit is all for absolutely nothing.
why should i wait and suffer for the rest of my life when i can just end it now?
no one will ever truly love or care about me.
no one gives a shit about me, including me.
i really just don’t have any motivation to keep living.
growing up i was taught showing emotions is useless &amp; so it is kind of hard for me to understand what it is.
but now that im older, i am starting to feel them and show them but i have no clue on how to control them to the point where i am a huge mess.
idk why im making this post tbh
i think deadlines have been causing me undue stress, but i suppose the easiest way to rethink them is to just be comfortable getting things done past their deadline.
that way, your output is more accommodating to your energy and mood, and your health is prioritized over arbitrary due dates.
being okay with getting things done after the due date relieves some stress about getting it done, which allows you to work more efficiently, which paradoxically gives you a greater chance of getting it done before the deadline anyway!
hope this is of some help.
(also, i was a bit depressed for about a day after settling into this new mode, but i’m feeling better now.)
hi all.
i'm 15, and it's been a year (since march 2020) that my life changed.
in a negative way, though.
here's a story of what i had: memory problems, concentration problems and some types of headaches.
i still have them.
never had things like this before, fun fact?
in 2019 i was able to read things and remember anything.
but let's get into the problem.
i am stressed a lot becouse of school, in my country a lot of students are having problems with it; stress, anxiety, depression and so on.
but when i have free days (so no lessons) i sleep weel and exercise (not really tho since gyms are closed, but i play football for hours) but i can't find a solution.
i still have a strange feeling in my mind, not that i feel so much but i think has an impact on my learning.
i want to read books but can't even concentrate or remember.
i feel empty.
i first thought it was brain fog, but i see that my head has less pains nowadays, but still i have memory and concentration problems.
i just feel like i read words without understand anything and of course not even remembering them.
i don't know what to do.
i am desperate.
i'm just 15 and probably i'll have no future.
i want to read for myself, but i can't.
i can't do any fucking thing anymore.
if this will continue for years, i'll put a rope on my neck.
when you are on the edge and you only can look down?
it is getting hard to function.
i want to explode.
nobody understands or cares.
the signs are obvious but people are too stupid.
why are we doomed to this existence?
why are we doomed to isolation?
i am so totally out of sync with the average person, that i really think that there is no coming back at this point.
life has been a series of defeats and the only control that i feel that i could wrest from my life is upon ending it.
i want to make the people around me proud, but then life beats me into submission.
i am getting more fucked up by the day.
i will drink myself to death soon, at least, i hope.
my liver or gallbladder or something hurts every day, but i will probably drink again tomorrow.
i am sad that i couldn't make those that care about me proud, but at this point that probably isn't even possible, and death would be preferable.
i have struggled with this menace for 15 years, and nothing has changed.
it is probably my own fault, but even knowing that, it doesn't make it any better.
nothing feels possible.
nothing feels pleasurable.
this world is decayed and corrupted, and there are only closed doors.
that is what it looks like to me at least.
how can people be happy with the status quo?
i can't stand it.
i ask myself if i can stand another year, or 5, or 10.  and the answer is - "no".
i cannot.
that seems like an impossible challenge.
i have treatment-resistant depression.
i have been depressed since i was 13, i am going to be 28 this year.
i have been in and out of therapy since 2011 and have lost count of how many therapists i have gone through.
i have also been on every antidepressant, stimulant and mood stabilizer out there.
i am losing hope and i know this will be my fate and suicide is likely later on.
i am wondering if anyone else in this sub is experiencing something similar.
i'm on the brink of insanity
i don’t even know where to start.
if you feel like this comment below so i know i’m not alone &amp; we can get through this shit together.
okay so where do i even start lmao.
i literally treat reddit like my therapist.
first of all this covid lockdown is literally killing me mentally.
i’ve been just on airplane mode if you know what i mean .. i’m here but everything is autopilot mode.
i don’t think of things i’m just day dreaming or not even i literally have nothing in my head lmao it’s just silent and i’m just doing my things.
i moved to another province a year ago and i have friends but god do i ever feel alone.
i always feel alone no mater what where or who i am with.
my friends here have their own groups and that’s totally okay with that.
but when i’m with them i always feel like i’m talking too much or not saying enough or i am extremely boring and they just want to go home.
because they don’t hangout with me the way their own group does which again i understand because i’m their new friend and they have been friends for years.
i feel this emptiness in my chest, i just wanna scream at the world for nothing.
i am tired of sitting at home 24/7 and it is so extremely hard to get a job right now and i am so unmotivated to do anything.
and trust me i’ve tried doing shit.
i’m thinking maybe this is because i’ve had a lot going on last year from 2019-2020 because my best friend had cancer and passed away and i haven really touched into that.
i know she’s gone but i have not come to terms with it.
i don’t know how.
i think i just stored it away and god knows when i can deal with it.
i cry and i’m sad sometimes that she’s no longer here but i’m not sure if i have grieved normally ??
i just had a crying stage stressed stage i couldn’t believe it and i still can’t.
pls don’t tell me it’s unhealthy i know it is but i don’t know how to deal with it.
basically i feel empty for no reason sometimes.
last week i had a heard week for some reason just a lot of emotions built up i went for a walk and just started bawling my eyes out and the weird thing is it was so cloudy outside and the sun literally was shining above me it felt like a warm hug from my friend.
anyways i feel weird sad like i’m not even here just autopilot mode.
living out of my car, waiting for my job application, looking at the stars, life is beautiful, even at its worst is beautiful... but i lost hope, i need to believe things will be back to normal one day, i need help.
i feel broken, defeated, hopeless, and i can't share my thoughts with anyone because my loved ones are counting on me, fuck, i'm sick of pretending i'm happy, i'm sick of pretending i'm feeling okay, i want to rest for a long time, i just want to sleep for a few days in a row, but i gotta keep going...
it's my first time in this suband also, sorry for my englishi'm gonna look like a self diagnosed gacha because internet have lots of bad stereotypes but let's goi'm 13 years old and i'm feeling depressedit started when i was 9. the reason?
idka few months ago my mom took my phone because she saw my self harm injuriesand what she did?
she got my phone, and in that time i had some "web-friends" she thought they were pedos even if i talked to them a lotbtw she just assumed that i was gay and instead of being worried about my self harm injuries she was more worried if i was gay or notmy brother worried about me for 1 week and started to be an 4ssh0le again(he's 23)i only have contact with 2 of my "web-friends" and one of them is kinda my best friendi don't talk about being depressed to my real friendsi am other person to them, to them i'm a happy fella that have nothing wrong with his lifeanyways, any questions you guys have i will awnser
i finally reached my limit.
my life is a total failiure and not even my family knows or cares about it.
i grew up in something that started like a normal 4-people family but rapidly turned into a mess.
when i was 15-yo my mom was diagnosed with stage iv medular cancer, six months later she passed away.
instantly after my mom's dead, everything was going to fuck from bad to worse.
my father has always been very strict non-talkative dad, there's no dad jokes, there's no dad-son moments since i was 16, a few months after my mom's funeral.
my relationship with my dad was never close, but it grew up on distance even more trough the years.
nowadays we barely salute each other.
my mom died in jan-2013, 8 years ago.
since that moment i had to learn everything about life quickly and alone.
despite my dad didn't abandon me, his figure has been quite absent in my path trough life, like i said before.
as a mid-teenager i had to learn alone about cooking, cleanning, house shopping and personal finance, all along my studies and university admissions results ahead.
i feel i did well those first months, i made up a seat for study electrical engineering on college, later found my first gf and made a new life going to church.
but 2 years later, in 2015, everything fucked up again.
i had to drop college for 2 semesters, lost my first gf, lost all my friends, no money, disfunctional family.
my motivation for life was starting to fall.
during the 2 semesters i was out from college, i tried to find some certifications in terms of looking for a good revenue job like ccna or autocad.
i was able to finish ccna but i couldn't afford certification exam at the moment.
i didn't care much about it because i was starting uni a few weeks later.
in 2016 i started uni for second time.
i was still studying ee and had to retake some subjects to catch up my pensum.
i feel like i was doing great, those 2 semesters i was able to recover and find love for what i was studying.
later, in 2017 i met my 2nd gf and instantly my life was taking it's first steps for a second more-deeper sinking.
my dad never agreed with my choices, but never gave me wisdom either at least.
we always had fights  for everyting i made or didn't made and rapidly had to become used to be called 'a total failiure' by him.
but in the other hand he is totaly pleasant and lacks of discipline with my sister, wich is 2 years younger than me.
when i started my second relationship while i was on my 20's, my fights with my dad turned less frequent because my gf's family were friends of him from church when they were teens.
i thought this would be helpful but the more the time passed, the more that dream became a nightmare.
2017 and 2018 were the most detestable years of my life.
2017 is caracterized by all the shitty political situation that hit harder venezuela in that year due the fall of oil prices, and 2018 is remembered by me for all the humilliations that i recieved from the shitty people of my ex gf family.
i was failling on college, had no money, had little or no food at all, problems with my dad, problems with my gf and her family, suffered from bully made by her parents (they were used to tell me that my dad was right calling me a failiure, even were used to compare me with other son-on-law of them).
i was willing to die.
meanwhile, my gf's parents recover touch with a friend of theirs who knew my dad by those same years.
she was a 50yo divorced woman who was close to them and quickly added to the group.
in december of 2018 she and my dad maried making everything worse.
in may 2019 i found my first job.
it wasn't my dream job but was a dreamed-first-job.
i started as an junior consultant on a little it company, was a half-time schedule that allowed me to take some college subjets on mornings and going to office on noons.
payment wasn't glory but was a gamechanger for me.
i was very happy and thanking god for such an opportunity despite was something that i don't like at all wich is programming but, as is known, 'beggars can't be choosers'.
no one agreed nor celebrated me.
my dad said that i should had focused more on college, my gf and her family said that it would be problematic since i was reducing the time i spent with their daugther and many other shit.
a few months later my dad and his wife decided to move appart, leaving me and my sister living by ourselves.
that didn't surprised me, and i tried to take it as a booster.
a couple months later, my gf and i broke up... sincerely was the most painful relationship in my life.
i was submited into sadness because i was all alone, felt like was totally abandoned.
i was failling at uni, living with a disfunctional family, leaving a painful toxic long term relationship, with no friends and very little money.
i tried to overcome the end of that relationship trying to focus even more on college, working harder and looking for met some new people.
it worked for about 4 months until coivd hit and pandemic started.
instantly everything went down, i stopped college (again but this time wasn't my fault and this feels the most frustrating), i stopped meeting new people (since everyone new i met was in college and church, this is a correlated from last one), i lost all contact with the few acquaintances i had (my terrible social skills and lack of close friends along my grow made me take the wrong decision of doing a social shutdown and stoped talking with some people i was used to), work became heavier from home and all my stress and frustration doesn't motivate me at all.
i'm willing to quit but i don't wanna do it yet.
i became lazier because i don't left home as i was used to, before pandemics i walked about 10 km by day because i liked to walk from college to work and after from work to home.
now, i'm here feeling like a total failiure.
i'm 24 and i'm thinking about drop shcool but this time definetely and changing for a totally new career like economics, i'm about to quit my job because i don't like it at all, i dropped church, social media, hobbies, meaning of life, i dropped every effort of doing something life-valuable.
i stopped enjoying life so much long ago that i dream with a new fresh start.
i'm scared.
i'm totally unmotivated.
i'm frustrated with me, with my life, with my freacking hell-maker bad choices looking how the people that graduated with me from high school is now living their lifes while i'm here being miserable because of my own fault.
i wish i had seen all the red flags trough my life.
i wrote all this because i needed to steam off.
i know this won't finish my missery but i have no one else to tell how i feel.
i don't know what to do, i don't know how to quit my job, i'm scared of how they can react.
i'm scared of making another terrible choice... i have finally collapsed
i can'ti can't do this shit anymore
so often i feel depressed yet i have no reason to be.
sometimes i just wish something horrible would happen to me, that way i would just have a reason for why i feel this way.
i’m so tired of not understanding what is making me so sad to the point where days feel worthless and wasted no matter what i do.
i want a reason.
i want something i could solve.
i dearly wish that some sort of tragedy fell upon me so that i could have a chance of getting over it.
im 17, so in my country i cant go to psychiatrist without parents’ agreement.
since 1,5 year my doctor doesnt react when i tell her that my meds doesnt work, firstly i had pills for insomnia and depression, those for insomnia worked really well, but after a few months she changed them for a medicine that makes me sleep like 4h a day, it annoys me and i dont know what to do in this situation, cause when i tell my mom that this doctor is trash, her anwser is like “doctor knows better and stfu dumb kid”i really would like to have at least something that allows me to sleep whole night :v
(also posted on suicidewatch)i’m so exhausted.
i grew up fundamentalist, and my narcissist mom made me hate myself for who i am and what i like.
constantly making me feel like shit.
tried to escape to college and be a “good christian” by going to a christian college.
realized i am pansexual and an atheist and tried to kms.
didnt work, switched schools and got diagnosed with ocd and bipolar type 1. somehow graduated with a degree i don’t care about and started getting my masters because i didn’t know what else to do.
started dating a guy who made two different dating profiles and reached out to escorts behind my back.
got so depressed i’m failing school.
my job that pays for school doesn’t have enough funds to keep me on board for the summer.
boyfriend keeps trying to convince me he has changed and i mean something to him but everyone in my life has betrayed me and i know i don’t matter to any of them unless i’m right in front of them and can serve them somehow.
i am broke as shit and depend on my bf.
i don’t see a way out of any of it, and i’m too tired to keep going.
i can’t see my counselor because they were at the school and i can’t attend for the summer.
i can’t do this.
i’m too ugly and undesirable and stupid and bad at shit for this world.
i don’t even know how i found the energy to type this or why i even bother.
feel like i’m already dead and frankly wish i was.
called my mom for mother’s day and she was crying and is disappointed in me.
my bf doesn’t want to be around me and just guilted me for eating to much of our groceries even though i’m recovering from an ed so that’s hella triggering.
i’m a fucking burden and i want outtldr: not good enough for family, school, bf, or ‘god’ and don’t think i can do this whole living thing much longer.
it’s almost been eight years since my mom passed and i’ve been having an extremely difficult time coping this last year.
for the first three years i just pretended she was off some where far away and that she’d magically come back but my grandma died soon after and the reality of the situation hit me but i don’t know it just never hit me as hard until i turned 16. she won’t meet her grandkids, won’t see me get married, or graduate from high school, or college.
my dad saw i was crying and yelled at me and told me that it’s been far too long to still be hurt by her loss and i needed to get over it.
she’s always on my mind and i just wish i could’ve been a better daughter for her.
he always has a hard time with emotions and stuff but i dunno.
even when she was around she wasn’t ever a constant in my life since i was raised by my grandparents.
i don’t remember how her voice sounds anymore.
i really miss her.
every so often i just want to end it.... i have gone so far as to look up the nearest bridge.
but then i think of how i felt when my brother's best friend hung himself.... and my childhood friend "ate a shotgun".
i found out their choices through a friend of mine who had an interest in autopsy reports.
who also had access to them.
he nonchalantly informed me that the death i witnessed at the end of the road was at the end of a rope.
the friend i found out about at a house party was the victim of his choice to "eat a shotgun".... these are the actions of a monster... and it all haunts me to this day.
because i couldn't help them.
they will never come back and i don't even remember what they looked like.
i wish i could take their place.
hey reddit, i hope someone out there is willing to read and help.
so for some context, i'm a 23 y/o female and over the last 6 months i've been having pretty bad depression - i never really felt this way in the past and i didn't have a triggering event that caused the depression, it just sort of happened gradually.
i've always been a bubbly, laughable person and i have a real interest in psychology.
i have lots of self-improvement books and enjoy yoga/meditation but since this depression started i just have not been motivated to do any of these things, which sounds silly since it would make such a difference, but it's just the way it is... i've noticed that my mood gets really low on sunday evening, mondays and tuesdays and then picks up again from maybe wednesday to sunday morning.
yesterday i was with my boyfriend all day and was having a great time just being in his company, but as soon as it was time to go home my mood just instantly flipped and i got really down.
this is the first time i've noticed such an instant change in my mood but it's made me realise that there must be a problem with me maybe spending time with myself?
i mean i don't have harmful thoughts or anything, but it's almost as if something is missing, and whenever i'm with my boyfriend i don't 'notice' that there's something missing.
it's hard for me to notice anything that's wrong or where my depression has come from because as i said above there was no triggering event, so something has gone wrong somewhere down the line.
is there anyone out there who can relate to this at all, or any advice would be appreciated.
thanks guys
i hit rock bottom,again.
i can't enjoy anything, i don't do anything.
i'm just lying in my bed the whole time crying, starring at the wall.
my only happy moments were while talking with my ex cause at least i felt heard and seen and less alone.
i don't have any friends that would really care my friendships are pretty shallow.
how can i pull myself out of this place, i feel i made myself completely dependant on my ex and don't know how to do this by myself anymore.
but i just can't keep it clean.
tonight, while i was trying to go to sleep for work tomorrow, i heard a roach scrabbling about.
(we caught it but still.)
and it's my fault too for leaving some easter candy out.
it makes me feel sick and disgusted at myself.
the sad thing is, it's cleaner now than it has been.
and still it's disgusting.
my mom keeps lecturing me about having piles of clothing and easter bags and etc.
and it makes me feel even worse.
i feel like a hypocrite since i'm always fastidiously neat at my job and can't keep my own room clean.
everyone thinks i'm so great, but i'm not.
i hate who i am as a person.
just a rant to try to help me relax enough to go to sleep... i hate this miserable existence and i hate myself.
this is the best way i can describe it.
i can’t see a picture from the 70s without thinking about how the people in it are old or dead now.
i can’t talk to my parents without wondering when they’ll be gone.
there’s also a perfectionism aspect to it.
no work is ever good enough to submit, no activity is ever fun enough to enjoy, there’s always something ‘wrong’ with my environment preventing me from enjoying anything or starting anything.
it’s like i’m constantly overthinking everything and taking life too seriously.
there’s some level of ignorance that is needed for sanity, but my brain is acclimated to seeing right through everything.
yet, i’ve never had major depressive episodes or suicidal thoughts.
i don’t know where i’m going with this but i just wanted to rant.
i haven’t been formally diagnosed with any psychiatric disorder, but have been prescribed adderall xr due to inattention from a family physician (though i still have to see a psychiatrist for a formal diagnosis).
it helps, especially with productivity but is inconsistent and makes me crash hard after 8 hours.
i’m beginning to think my inattention and constant disinterest and tiredness come from depression, but of course i will talk to my doctor.
is what i’ve described similar to others experiences with major depression or dysthymia?
not asking for a diagnosis on myself but simply your personal experiences
hi.
i'm 33, female.
after many years of feeling awkward and trying to fit in, my life became unbearable.
especially now living as foreigner in germany.
i'm in depression.
i think i have social anxiety or phobia.
i made just my first appointment with psychiatrist in june.
i'm afraid that my problems are too small or i'm just imagining things.
or doctor will say that i'm just lazy...is there anyone with same problems from germany?
no cause self-righteous douchebags that has to push people below them will never get the fuckin lesson.
shallow and pathetic but nah the depressed people will always be the issue smfh 🙄
theres no place for me out there....i want to just lay here and wait to die, let me have my distractions....they don’t get it.
i’m sick i know and your trying to help but this is just who i am now.
i can’t leave anymore, it’s hell out there.
i can’t take it but i’m being forced to go out there to pretend i’m ok.
pretend i’m not losing my fucking mind that i’m not on edge...this is the only place that makes sense...i really fucking hate going out there but i have to fml...i’m fucking trapped here, i want to die...why can’t i escape anymore?
fuck haha it’s really hell
i've been depressed from the womb, and it's been the same for the most part my whole life.
but my brain started ...resetting?
it just kept wiping clean.
no thought.
no emotion.
no "must do this next" at work.
i almost had to remind myself i was at work.
it was different from spacing out.
there was just nothing.
i barely even know how to describe this.
i’m 23 and i’ve been depressed and having thoughts of suicide for as long as i can remember.
it’s gotten harder and harder to cope with.
i’m able to do things that need to be done, but it’s only going through to motions.
most days i feel incredibly dissociated, and uninvolved with life.
i pretend all the time.
there’s hardly a time that i’m not pretending.
i recently opened up to my wife about it, and she told me that i didn’t have to pretend around her.
she told me that i could be honest about how i feel.
i started opening up about my feelings with her and i really was feeling again and experiencing some of the emotions that i have been repressing in a way that i haven’t before.
it’s like the flood gates were open and i started pouring myself out.
right as i was starting to adjust to the newfound comfort of finally have one person that i could be honest with, she told me that it was too much, and that i was draining.
i understand that it’s a lot for someone to bear.
i even told her that she wouldn’t be able to handle it.
she disagreed.
now i’m finding myself in a worse place than i was before.
she’s now hesitant to even ask me how i am.
i’m pretending again.
my fear that my depression could never really be outside of my head without burdening others has been actualized.
i will die in a few days because when i got poisoned from a wound it was a small wound but poisoned when i told my parents that i feel to go to hospital my father said its nothing don't worry and now here i am dying slowly a week after i told them i am just sad for my parents my mom hates my dad now my dad trying to visit me but he don't know how he will see me he think all of that was because of him i just wanted to have my last days happy not like this
i'm failing the ninth fucking grade, i can easily cheat my classes but i have no motivation to do it, i'm nearing finals and i'm pretty sure i'll fail, i'm hoping i won't have to try and i'll just magically pass.
also please don't tell me to try it pisses me off when people are positive
got in a car accident cause i was drunk driving, i fell asleep and hit a wall going 40. car was totaled, cops came, lost my license, parents more disappointed in me then i ever thought they could’ve been.
only support system i had blocked me and told me to “go crash again” because she was finally sick of my shit.
been with this girl since i was fucking 14, am 17 now.
she’s done.
it hurts so fucking bad.
it just gives me yet another reason to give up.
can’t get fucked up because i’m locked in my room all day, that was literally the only thing that made me feel good.
i’ve laying in bed everyday all day for about a week now.
i don’t even have the drive to fucking shower anymore, i wish i could just drift off like i never existed.
all my friends don’t know how i feel and i have no plans on telling them how bad it’s been recently.
relationship with my parents is fucking terrible, worse than it’s ever been.
i wanna get fucked up and forget about everything, maybe just restart life?
i don’t have the energy to try and turn shit around; if it’s even possible.
got fired from my job since i wrecked my car and it’s a half hour drive from my house.
i’m fucking losing it staring at my ceiling in my own sober head 24/7.
i give myself a week tops.
i honestly wish i fucking died in that accident more than anything.
god damn
i hate my life.
i can't handle the dysphoria everyday.
everyone constantly calling me she, her, daughter, girl etc.. its not their fault but i can't find any confidence to tell them otherwise.
i've asked my mum to help me but she's 'too busy' with other stuff.
i'm constantly told by everyone who knows i'm trans (ftm) that i should take it slowly.
but they won't even call me by he/him or my chosen name.
i obsses over things to distract me but when i talk to people about my obsessions no one listens and always tells me to stop talking.
i'm boring everyone i know, no one likes me.
i'm such a burden, no one should have to deal with me, the world won't care when i die, no one will.
my mind is foggy and my body feels like it’s falling apart.
i want a reason to keep going but i can’t find one.
i have been smoking for about 2 years now (17 male), and i have diagnosed anxiety and depression, which i take meds for.
when i first started smoking, before i was on my meds, i would get crazy panic attacks and feel like i was unable to breathe.
now that is fine, but something much worse happens when i get high now.
i will seem to focus on things very much and completely break them down and judge them, until i point out all the flaws and phoniness in them.
i especially do this to myself and the things i say when i am around other people, trying to have a conversation.
i really like certain aspects of being high, but i can only now enjoy it when i am smoking alone in the middle of the night, listening to music or watching like one tv show, because everything else seems phony to me and i can't watch it.
i am wondering if anyone can help me better understand this problem, and the possible effects that wellbutrin and zoloft may have on smoking and feeling this way.
thanks.
i either get frustrated or just lose interest or get distracted.
i quit everythi\\ng.
ive had plenty of fantastical goals in my liife hat weer exciting.
ive also had practical goals.
i hated themna lall.
i hated playing guitar.
i thought it would pay off.
it was too much work like everthing else.
i didnt even learn the chords and notes.
i was like a monkey who could basically just play smoke on the water after years because i just have no focus, no sustained interest.
i am a fucking loser.
its just true.
i dont want to work hard.
i hate myself.
i hate everyone else to.
i am so venemously jealous and angry.
everything abotu me is dysfunctional and wrong, and aiming towards self destruction.
im such a fucking pussy.
why didnt i just swallow those fucking pills and get it over with.
instead i made it everyone elses problem and then i fled from the cops when i had to face consequences.
i am a narcissistic peice of shit.
i am a burden.
im a joke.
im a criminal.
now i could go to jail.
i got way to drunk and i could have killed someoen in my car.
i wish i had died when i crashed.
i cant stand this.
im such a loser.
24 and i still whine about having to have a job and be an adult.
all i do is whine and fantasize.
i can never follow through on anuthing.
i fucking hate myself.
i am worthless.
i am a piece of shit.
i cant stand this.
all i think about is getting opiates.
i think im such a peice of garbage thats the only way i will get to feel good again before i die.
i miss being a kid.
thats when i was happy.
i dont havve a freindly bone in my body anymore.
nothing to offer anyone.
all i have is bitterness and jeaousy.
i used to be funny.
my freinds said it in passing one time in a joking way.
i wonder if they know how right they were  i remember my stomach dropped when they said that.
i saw how far i had really fallen.
i have ntohing to offer anyone anymore.
no real interests.
i just dont give a shit.
i just trash people on the internet.
thats it.
thats my life.
i want to die.
i will never get to move out of this house.
im too lazy to work ful l time.
ill have to move fucking far waway if i want to live on part time min wage.
i think thats my only option.
im bnot going back to school.
i forced myself into that to much.
i cant tolerate that again.
i cant beleicve im such a fucking loser.
i used to be young.
i miss everything about being a kid.
i even miss being small.
just help me die.
i am a weakling.
i dont know how to do it.
 i just finished my final exam and 100% sure i will pass without any backlag.
but i don't feel happy not even a bit.
i've never been happy in my school life , never been happy in my college life and now i can feel that i will never be happy in the near future.
i don't know why ppl are living and trying their best only to not end up being happy.
the only time i feel happy is when i dream about being with the one who always stays by my side and cherish me with all his heart.
then my happiness gets shattered once again when i come back to reality only to realise my bed will always be cold just like my heart which will never become warm ever.
i have the pills ready i want to gulp them all down but i hesitate when i’m ready i don’t know what part of me is stopping i’m certain there’s no higher being up there maybe that’s why maybe because i didn’t experience many thing i wanted to getting a girlfriend buying a car moving out hell you’re 21 dom you’ve done nothing why are you even writing this whose gonna care people from a screen who make empty plea’s and say you matter it’s all bogus just take them i’m sure darkness is better than feeling useless you are an ant in a humans world 🌍 don’t matter
i know many people get by just fine without a loving relationship and do so even until their late twenties sometimes.
well i am 23 and never had a loving relationship irl it breaks me.
what the fuck is wrong with me?
i wish i could follow this advice and just focus on myself or on other stuff but i can't.
it's tragic
just as the title says — i miss being in treatment.
mainly residential.
i miss it so much.
i miss being allowed to just be depressed and being taken care of.
people care about me when i’m in treatment and now that i’m only in therapy 2x per week it feels like no one cares about me.
is this normal?
do other people miss treatment?
i’m not depressed enough to be in intense treatment right now but i miss being able to escape the world through residential or iop/php
i have been diagnosed with major depression, but during my episodes i’m not suicidal at.
instead i have extremely fearful all-consuming thoughts about death.
aside from that, everything else “checks out.” i lose all interest in everything, won’t eat, won’t respond to any messages, can’t listen to music or watch tv because everything is extremely triggering and over stimulating.
then i’m unable to work and i have to go on leave.
my panic chest pains and head pressure are so bad, which stresses me out even more.
i’m unable to clean and take care of myself and i stop caring about my material possessions.
it’s also hard to explain, but when the nonstop thoughts and panic get to be too much, it feels like i’m not really me and i’m super out of it.
also sometimes i’ll wake up and it feels like the day before was a dream aside from my obsessive all consuming thoughts, i also spend all my time and energy “researching” the meaning of life and what happens after.
i just started taking zoloft and it’s been helping.
also starting therapy tomorrow to manage this existential anxiety.
we’re also looking into the possibility of ocd.
can anyone relate?
these are trying times for everyone, it’s really taken a toll on everyone.
i was living abroad for several years and came to a tipping point where i was just tired 24/7, because of college, the 3 jobs i had and a failing 3.5-year relationship.
so i just wanted to leave, come back home, enjoy my last few days over there.
found out i got cheated on my last week in the country and thinking about it now, that’s where i just felt even worse.
a year or two before i left i was taken to the hospital for an attempt on mine, so ofc, ending it was very much on the table.
still continued to message her for a while like a fucking idiot.
after such revelation of course it stung, lasted a few months like that.
after a while i was ready to date when covid was arriving to america, still went out because it was “contained” or not in my city yet.
i met a few girls and there was one that was basically perfect for me, just my type, cute, clumsy, funny, caring, and the sex was great.
but i just didn’t feel anything.
i felt horrible because she was looking at it long term, and i just didn’t feel happy, i know i was cold with her a few times, even to the point where she thought i was seeing someone else, just different levels of numbness, i met her around 6 months ago.
i still remember how distraught she was when i told her i wanted to stop, and yet, i just didn’t feel sad, i hugged her and told her she could still contact me, didn’t want to leave her alone, just didn’t want her to feel like she was in a one-way relationship.
my last 3 birthdays were just so lonely and depressing.
not even the same 4 people called me or texted me, it’s always less and less people.
i just don’t feel i have anything going for me now.
even that high when you buy something you really wanted, doesn’t last as long, or feel as good.
just idk, guess i kinda forgot how to happy, sad, angry, excited, etc.
even sleeping comes and goes, i haven’t slept more than an hour in like the past 3 days.
i grab my phone and don’t know why, like i want to text someone or see a video, but i just stare at the homescreen blankly.
i don’t even want to kill myself, i feel like it’ll only hurt my mother and whoever has to deal with the body, idk.
i just really want someone to idk, talk i think?
or maybe say a few goodbyes or fuck you’s to people i never got the chance to?
i have a lot of regrets, but idk, i fucked up alot and it is what it is.
life sucks hard, and not the good kind.
i’m 23, and i swore i’ve done pretty much everything when i was 21, and that mentality hasn’t changed, these past almost two years have been so unproductive, i’ve gotten pretty much nothing done, self esteem is still six feet under, can’t even sleep right.
idk, just feeling constantly tired.
sorry for wasting your time, be safe out there, and take care.
taking everyone’s advice.
i’m just a fucking useless piece of trash.
i never had a chance.
i’ve had 28 years to get my shit together and i couldn’t do anything right.
i’m just done.
why should i celebrate a person who has brought me nothing but misery and pain.
a person who cares more about her status in society than my well being.
fuck her the only time she’ll care is when i commit suicide, will she cry because she lost a child or cry because she failed as a parent.
my whole childhood was filled with heartache  from both parents.
when i was diagnosed with depression and anxiety my therapist told both my parents about how they need to change that’s was 3-4 months ago and have they changed no.
the whole day currently she has shouted at me, humiliated me and so on i truly do hate my parents and i often fantasy about them dying.i don’t care about them and i don’t care about myself either
i finally have a valid plan and idk what to do.
i feel so hopeless and so tired now.
i finally have an exit from this miserable existence and i thought i'd be happier.
maybe i'll be happier when i actually get the car and can die.
doesn't matter really.
i'm so tired of living, i don't know how i lasted this long.
even now i just want to cut so badly but i know i won't be able to handle the pain.
i'm such a worthless sad sack.
fuck  i just want to die.
why is it so hard to die?
i’m drunk and needing reasons not to do it.
hey guys, i'm 19 and was homeschooled my entire life.
i've never had friends or gone to a party or anything like that and it eats me up inside.
i never graduated highschool, so i've had to do 2 semesters of online community college to get my grades to a point where i can go to college.
i didn't have a lot of fun during most of my teen years.
i just kinda sat at home cutting and passing the time.
tbh i feel like crying.
i'll never get to go back and experience highschool.
and now ill never get to go back and experience those other 2 years of college.
i feel like im saying nothing at all rn.
what im trying to say is i'm depressed about missing out on so much of my youth.
i feel like i can't get that time back and no matter what i'll have to carry this regret.
what can i do?
i just feel like there's nothing i can do with covid and everything.
i have been depressed for quite some time now.
i have good patches, occasionally a few weeks, where everything seems alright for a while, but these are few now.
i have no direction in life, no ambitions, and it's really just soul sucking.
i am asexual and aromatic, and don't want children, so i have no future there.
my only avenue left was a fulfilling career, but i have started four different paths in the last 3 years, and dropped it each time, because i grow to hate it, and burn all of my bridges along the way.
i'm about to drop my latest uni course, because when i started, i was full of hope and passion, but i hate it now, it's draining and unfulfilling, but the few people i have in my life are going to be so upset and disappointed when i tell them.
and to live where i'm living, i need a full time course or job, those are the conditions.
so, i have no hope for children, a partner or any domesticity, i have barely any people close to me, and those seem to be at the end of their tether dealing with me, i have no money, and no hope for any fulfillment in a career, because i'm lazy, unmotivated and drop everything i ever start.
i'm a burden to those around me.
i have no hope left, no direction, and to be honest, the only reason i'm still kicking now, no matter how small and stupid the reason seems, is because i would need to hire a skip for my junk, because i wouldn't burden my family with that, and i can't afford it.
i don't really think there's words anyone can say to make it better, but i need hope and passion and instead just have guilt and purposlesness and nothing good.
what do i do now?
it's 5:42am, and i still didn't fall asleep.
it is my last year of studying and i wasted it all over the past 3 months i didn't turn in any university work and it's past deadline, i missed exam which is 50% of the final grade of the only subject that i'm relatively interested in.
and i'm just feeling numb, i'm lying to my parents, who are getting really pissed with me, they talk about all other friends kids who study and work and i only worked for a few months over the course.
i'm running on borrowed time, my parents already are planning to kick me out if i don't get a job and i don't blame them, they forbid me from taking their food to force me to earn some money so i do shit like surveys online and buy pasta.
i told my mom i want to kill myself a year ago and asked her not to tell anyone, then my parents approached me and made fun of me basically explaining to me that i had no right to be depressed and i had to apologize, basically i had to apologize to them for various things daily pretty much, i feel so powerless, idk i disserve it probably.
nothing really interests me at this point, i used to be into biology in secondary school and college but i burned out and swapped to computer science, i started of well, scoring 90% and ending barely getting to the last year which i'm going to fcking fail and i don't give a fck somehow, it feels so fcking over, i have 0 direction in my life and i will live on the streets soon or kill myself, i already tried once but failed, didn't tell anyone.
i really don't know what can i do, my parents will be so pissed, they will blame me rightfully, and i will have to get a retail job again or something and they will be so disappointed, (i don't want to tell them that, literally started crying right now think about it), we are from 2nd world country and my family moved to a first world county so me and my brother can have better future, i can't live with that.
worst part is i don't feel shit, i don't remember last time i was moved or happy and i can't think of anything to do that i wouldn't get burned out of in few months, it's always like this, i get excited about something, and i do fairly well, then something changes, idk, and my performance plumits.
i don't know what to do, in so pathetic, i have 0 interests i wish i could stay in bed forever, i wish i could kill myself without destroying my mom, i'm such a failure, i recognize that and i was always putting in minimal effort just to get along, i actually never did something because i enjoyed it for the sake of it, it was always to be better than others or to get good grades, you don't get grades for social skills, you get them for shutting the fck up and listening "you are such a nice well behaved kid" they used to say, now i'm the "weird adolescent", they give me weird looks, they feel sorry for be, they think i'm abnormal, they are happy their kids are normal.
my parents pretty much forbid me from getting therapy, with my evasive personality they would probably have to force me to talk to psychiatric.
i used to have 2 friends, now they cut off contact with me and when i last met them before covid they were looking weird at me, thinking about it is the most upsetting, i would die for them in and instant (ironic since i don't value my life highly).
it's not gonna get better i'm numb i don't need drugs to numb me, sadness isn't stopping me, it's disinterested, disappointment, burn out  stopping me from getting better.
i really don't have any will power left, i just want it to end, im wrak, let it be over
no talent  i don’t have any interest in anything i just go to the gym lift heavy as a therapy shit i’m doing my master but i can’t find a job in my major i work in grocery store as a part time job depressed as fuck lonely as fuck emotional battles every 5 seconds i’m not a fucking stable emotionally
starting to feel like suicide is the best thing to do at this point.
i have no purpose.
i don’t feel loved by anyone.
i tell my friends that its going to get better, but i’m starting to feel it really doesn’t
i’m so fucking torn between wanting to leave this fucked up meaningless plane of existence and not wanting to ever cease to exist.
every single day i pray that i will live to see the technology that can make me live forever.
it’s so bad that i want to put a 50 fucking caliber bullet in my head.
peace
i guess today has been a particularly rough day compared to others.
i cant not obsess over brainfog and the lack of mental clarity that i have.
its pretty bad and invasive when it comes to carrying out my day to day.
i start to blur the lines of what is really happening and what feels familiar but instead is a false memory or something misremembered.
i cant think of a specific example right now, but its like i'm gravitating towards maddening patterns of thought.
everyday is a loop, like i'm a goldfish forgetting every trip around the bowl.
sometimes i'll see something and as a result, remember something and get completely floored that i couldnt remember that thing earlier and it took something unrelated to prompt a thought several days after the fact.
my depression (which haunted me extremely) has sort of subsided.
i think because life feels like this anxious half forgotten haze that the depression has no space to exist with how foggy and on edge i always am.
but id rather be regular old depressed me and be able to think than feel like life is just occurring around me and i have no say.
&amp;#x200b;on the anxiety front, i wake up at night very confused.
sometimes a dream prompts the confusion and i feel like i need to do something, though i don't know what.
sometimes i am just waking up with high anxiety and panic.
either way the brain fog is taking me further and further away from recognizing the reality i have woken up in.
like i get so lost in the extreme emotions of panic and anxiety that the fog makes it difficult to think my way into a rational frame of mind.
it literally feels like mass in my head taking up space and reducing the room for me to think clearly.
a year ago it wasnt so bad, i lived with a manageable amount of fog.
now its disrupting the way i think, so much so, that ill want to believe these super imaginative scenarios where i'm really just in the simulation, and once i'm dead everything will be ok, ill wake up and think clearly again.
and that line of thinking starts to make me anxious like i am starting to become delusional.
&amp;#x200b;idk what i am getting at by relaying this all to you.
but i just need help.
i started dieting last week to remove some irritable bowel syndrome irritants from my intake.
i got my first covid shot so i can go back to the gym and see if that will have an impact.
but i feel like i'm just spiraling out of control and that something much more devastating is lurking around the corner with how worn down and on the fringe of my own reality i am starting to feel.
please suggest something (and not smoking a bowl, i'm 29 and have no more desires to get high or use drugs as an escape).
i just want to experience life again and feel motivated to live.
i've been unsuccessfully battling depression for some time.
my waist length hair had become a matted gross mess after not brushing or washing it for 6+ months.
i finally found the will and strength to get it all untangled.
as soon as i started, i found myself excited and looking forward to having my hair back.
my hair has always been thick and wavy with a tendency to frizz, especially in the summer.
i'd wear it wavy/curly when it was humid out and straighten it during the drier months.
i had good hair.
it was difficult to manage but it was good.
i always got compliments on my hair, all my life.
no matter what other insecurities i had with my body or appearance, my hair was always something i could depend on to give me a boost of confidence.
it took me 6 days, 3 to 4 hours a day.
i couldn't wait to wash it and trim the dead ends and have something to feel good about.
after washing it last night i feel completely deflated.
my hair looks terrible!
it's almost like the top layer or two of hair all the way around my head has changed texture.
it's really wiry looking.
that's the only way i can really explain it.
the hair doesn't lay together, it's almost like each strand is individually crinkled like frizz on steroids!
i tried to straighten it but it hardly helped at all.
it's from root to tip so it's not like i can cut it off.
i don't know how to help/fix it and i'm trying so hard not to spiral but it's become increasingly difficult as the day has progressed.
has anyone else ever experienced this?
does it get better as i continue to care for it properly?
it nearly sends me into a panic to think that the hair grew like this because of the way it was all tangled and matted and it's not going to get better until it grows out and i can chop it off.
please help!
i get in moods/episodes where i feel useless/worthless/burden and nobody can reason with me.
when they try it just makes me want to not talk.
i’m on meds i don’t know what to do
it's just nuts how quickly my mood can flip.
i was having a blast at the party, and now all of a sudden after sleeping i cant get out of bed again.
i have to face reality once more.
why does this world have to suck so much dick?
can i please be an ignorant kid again?
man, i just wanna be back at that party and forget everything again.
it was so nice forgetting the pain for a while.
i'm getting into my late 20's and i'm very lost.
i've wasted so much time and money just trying out different shit and ending failing at all of them.
i'm now working in a call center and i hate it so much.
i have a hard time learning and understanding new material.
i'm just really dumb which is why the only types of jobs i've had are restaurant and call center jobs.
majority of the people i went to highschool with are now working high paying jobs and i'm over here struggling and wondering how i'll be living in the next few years.
i'm also still very lonely.
i had dog shit social skills as a child so i just never really tried to get a gf.
my social skills have gotten better, but i feel like it's too late of me to land a gf.
there are kids who are in relationships,  and i just feel so behind in the dating/hookup culture.
i've lost all my motivation to workout and also to just get my shit together.
i feel like i'll probably kill myself once i'm 30.
so i just had one of those vivid dreams where school was over (i haven't been in school for 7 years) and everyone was leaving with their friends, then i just realized i was waiting for nobody and i just wanted to curl up in a ball and die outside on school property but my dream made me walk from school to home alone and i remember walking that whole way crossing intersections and cars zipping by... thinking "i've got noone, i've got nothing to look forward to, i'm so alone in this crowded world" it took too long for this dream to end and i didn't even get home.
now i'm awake and super depressed... normally i'm okay with depression and i've gotten used to being alone in my 4 walls for the last 5 years but i think it's starting to take a toll on me &amp; i hate this feeling that nothing is okay.
for more context, i'm deaf so it's harder to make friends in person, i'm also a high school drop out because i made stupid choices leading to drugs and drama (dont worry i've been sober and drama free for the last 5 years) i used to not know who i was growing up and i was very lost in the world.
but i discovered myself recently &amp; and i've never been happier because now i dont feel so empty inside, i feel like a person / human being but that nagging thought of me being alone and not achieving anything with my life is always there and its gotten very debilitating to the point i try not to leave my room unless i absolutely have to.
i have too many regrets i'm holding onto and i hate where i ended up in life because of my past actions.
i guess i'm writing this because i just want to know i'm not alone
i don't have my own personality and can't make decisions.
i don't even have a favorite color anymore which should be something simple.
don't know if the actual me has ever made a decision or if i'm just going through the motions of what's supposed to be done.
how do i figure out who i am aside from the depression and anxiety?
they seem like the only part of me that's consistent.
i'm constantly anxious to where it doesn't matter if it's friends, family, acquaintances, or complete strangers... it all feels the same.
i even feel uncomfortable/anxious in front of my mom.
i just want so badly to have real, close relationships.
it always just feels like a performance.
it doesn't help that people know they can treat me like shit because i can't help but be nice and basically stay in a customer service persona.
i'm sick of being depressed and so fucking tired of masking but i can't make it stop
i’ve got a voice at the back of my head that constantly reminds me how much of a screw up i am and how ending my life would just make things easier for everyone around me.
i dont know if other people get this but it pops up every day and battling it seems harder and harder everyday.
i feel like i might give in soon.
maybe he’s right.
what’s the point.
laughed so hard i couldn't breathe.
where your eyes cried because you physically couldn't contain yourself.
instead i have this dry, hollow laugh i use when i think i should laugh.
i just miss that, being that happy.
the worst part is that i feel sad for no reason.
i feel despair and sadness and emptiness for no reason.
and each day i try to fight it, fight that i have trauma and i’m hurt and that im feeling these emotions.
i shove them down and go about my day and distract myself with highschool, books, tv and friends so that i’m so tired and so worn out that i have no energy to acknowledge them.
but then the night comes and there’s that 3 hours before bed when the wheels in my mind start to turn and the saddens and pain and despair and emptiness comes back.
there’s no reason for it, i’m not sick, no one in my family is dying, i have great friends and school and in the day i feel ok.
but i’m realizing that my sadness is just their because i won’t acknowledge past trauma and past experiences.
i won’t acknowledge the pain i’ve gone through because i don’t know what to do with it.
and i need help but i can’t afford it so i’m stuck in a viscous cycle where everyday i want to die when i wake up so i distract myself till i’m so exhausted i’ll pass out and my pain and emotions get ignored until they burst out.
and i can’t stop, i know what i need but i don’t want help, i don’t want change because my pain has been by my side my whole life.
is there even anything else?
do i even deserve happiness?
i don’t know and i can’t afford help anyway.
hello reddit.
i’m not sure where to start with this but here goes nothing.
when i was 6 years old i started to have thoughts of “i wasn’t meant to be born” and “the world would be better off with me not in it”.
i’ve always struggled with depression (more specifically major depressive disorder) and ocd and anxiety.
throughout my years, my mental illnesses have fluctuated between manageable or hardly noticeable to “holy shit my only thought today is about how i should kill myself”.
i’m constantly terrified of the future, i have no direction in life, and no family now.
i’m only 23. last year my mother and her boyfriend were having issues and pushing at each other.
in order to help stop the situation and stop from seeing my mother hit, i wrapped my arms around her so she would stop following and pushing at him.
she decided i was the enemy in that moment and bit down on my arm, i had to go to the hospital the next day, and started to try hitting me.
luckily i’m much stronger than her so when i realized this, i simply got the upper hand, holding her hands down from trying to hit at my face while screaming for help.
the next couple days after that when i would try to be there were bad; her boyfriend would threaten me with a knife and at that point i just left in my pjs and left.
so now, i can’t even go to my mom.
everyday feels so helpless.
just going to work makes me want to get a hotel room and live out my days until i run out of money before killing myself.
i genuinely can’t see how i’m supposed to work the next 30+ years while fighting in my head over killing myself, or thinking horrible, intrusive thoughts that give me back to back panic attacks.
i feel like i’m just getting worse too.
i wanted to try getting on medication but right now i live with my boyfriends family and he’s worried about how his parents will react to medication.
i feel like no matter how hard i try at this point i’m probably gonna end up killing myself or in a mental hospital, and really isn’t what i want for me but i feel so hopeless and helpless
i have a blood pressure of 230/130 and that’s normal for me i took medicine to take it down nothing helped and my problem is… my grandpa had multiple strokes since he was 28 (i’m 25) he was a tomato since he was 34 only laying in the bed and i swore him that i wouldn’t be like him and the only thing he could do was only a tear….. couldn’t say antything….
i wanna do a europe tour and after that just hang my self i don’t want to die like him like be over 49 years in the bed and don’t do anything he couldn’t 🥺😭😭😭😭😭 but i don’t want to end like him and i apperenrly look like him and act like him.
someone who wanna do it with me ?
i have a car so it isn’t a problem.
and i wanna do everything what he couldn’t before i have my strokes…… but before i’m like him like a tomato i would gang myself but it’s okey i just wanna live my life as long i can
i’ve been seeing my therapist for a couple sessions (maybe like 6) for sh but we’ve also talked about my depression symptoms but she hasn’t said anything about a diagnosis.
she refers to it as “your depression” and we talk about coping strategies.
i’ve told her all my symptoms which are pretty much the same as the ones i’ve seen online.
should i ask her or just wait until she wants to talk about it?
we talk once a week (but have missed a couple bc of exams and schedule changes).
i’m 25 and the the last 7 years which are supposed to be your foundation for the rest of your life i’ve wasted playing video games drinking alcohol and chewing tobacco, i have literally destroyed my brain and have no mental capacity for anything, i forget everything the second i hear it/think it .
i could of been somebody out of high school but all these dopamine rushes and stimulation with video games ruined me.
i have no work ethic i can’t focus on anything and if i do i give up, i have no relationship with family and i’m basically a leech off my one friend so i’m not homeless.
i have never been able to do anything for my self, i’m such a worthless person and the alcohol/nicotine addiction along with my already adhd brain.
has ruined all my memories of growing up/ education i remember being a somewhat gifted kid growing up but that’s all gone now.
i have been an empty headed dude for like 5 years not being able to do simple jobs how am i supposed to have a happy life or take care of people i love when i’m so useless and dumb
been depressed since ten.
almost going to be 21. never had one morsel of self esteem.
never once have i enjoyed life.
whats the point of going on if ive wasted all those years not doing what normal kids are supposed to do?
whats the point if i missed out on key experiences most everyone else got?
whats the point if the rest of my life is fighting to keep depression at bay?
why is my brain trying so fucking hard to kill itself?
its going to succeed.
 i have pretty severe social anxiety and depression.
in the past i have used venlafaxine(effexor) and it really helped me not be so self conscious and locked in a room all the time.
unfortunately i no longer have health insurance so i wont be able to visit a dr to get another script without an absurd out of pocket cost.. i realize i have to take something for the rest of my life because my depression is never ending and is not driven by day to day events.
i have made the mistake of stopping medication when i think i am feeling better, only to be slowly dragged back to my depressive baseline.
i need something to help me, if anyone has any suggestions it would be greatly appreciated.
i think i was meant to be something else, something inhuman.
there must’ve been a mistake made.
i can’t even stand the rest of my species, i long for complex connection that doesn’t exist.
even therapists find me an oddity.
they tell me i’m delusional, that i have to let go of this fantasy, but i just don’t want to.
i am not at home in this world.
everything feels wrong, like i am watching my own life being lived, rather than living in it.
none of it is mine anymore.
not my body or face, my memories or the things i have done and said, some of which are ugly and awful.
my thoughts have become strange to me.
sorry if this sounds like some edgy teen angst.
i guess that’s what i’ve regressed to haha.
i hate my life so much i hate living as a indgenous.
first person i lost was my aunti she drunk and got hit by vehicle then my cousin was in a feild she was scared and was running cuz she had schizophrenia cuz of meth, then i lost my other cousin from suicide she jumped off a bridge cuz she was schizophrenic from meth.
and i lost my friend we werent that close but we had good memories he froze... this year i lost my dog i had since i was young kid he died cuz of other dogs and i found that out today i feel like im gonna throw up from crying,.
and i lost my step mom she killed herself cuz she was schizophrenic from meth.
meth ruins my life cuz its killing the people i love, and alchohol.
my neice  recently tried killing herself her mom was my cousin that froze to death, me and my neice are really close like friends, now my grandparents are getting really old which is a bad thing.
i just wanna die next i dont wanna go to anymore funerals.
my anxiety is also getting higher i have seperation anxiety.
i hate my life i hate it so much😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭please god take me
i'm sitting here asking whatever higher power there is just to let me die.
even if i just pass quietly in my sleep or just have a heart attack i just want to die.
my place on this world is meaningless i contribute nothing to society to anyones lives i do nothing and waste my parents money on weed and video games i have no motivation to make anything of myself i'm so worthless and pathetic i wish i could just fucking die already.
people i know may be upset in the beginning but my memory will fade quickly since i contribute nothing to anyones life anyway.
i'm too pussy to even kill myself it's fucking pathetic.
everyday i feel like i'm just trying to survive just trying to get high so i don't have to think about how miserable i am or to distract myself with shit that contributes nothing to my life.
and yet i won't kill myself.
but i crave so badly to die i just want to cease to exist i have no place here.
i'm reaching the end of my rope and not seeing a light.
i'm thinking about killing myself more and more everyday while nobody even knows i'm depressed.
how i wish i could just dissappear.. i wish someone would just put me out of my misery
i'm passionate about so many things, art, music, character design, writing...and yet i barely do any of it anymore because i feel so horribly inferior to everyone around me, and the evidence for that being reality just seems to pile up more everyday.
i know i shouldn't focus on being "good" at things, or compare my creative passions to other people...but i can't help it anymore and it's killed my drive for everything i'm passionate about because all i see is how awful it is.
i don't think i've ever been genuinely proud of anything i've done, because my entire life all i've seen is the flaws.
i feel like such an utter failure, and it's wearing me down unbearably.
i just feel so empty and worthless.
left us when me and my siblings were little ass kids and for some reason opts into taking yearly trips to visit us (making sure to generate ungodly amounts of mess and be an actual liability while he’s at it) instead of just….
living here and being useful.
recently he’s finally started to realize how shitty of a father he’s been and he’s a self-proclaimed “born again christian”, so of course he’ll do anything he can to get my depressed ass to pray myself out of it since it’s his “duty” or whatever he says idk.
listen, i know he has good intentions but seriously.
the guy has no personality outside being faithful to the all-powerful sky man.
my church is nice so i’m fine with going each sunday, but my dad preaching to me over whatsapp makes me want to become a hard atheist.
i cannot stand his “encouragement” or whatever it’s supposed to be.
“the bible says the man is supposed to be the head of the family” my ass.
if he comes back here saying that shit again i swear to fucking god.
he’s lucky i still care about him enough to go along with whatever he says (not sure i’ll be so kind the next time he visits though).
the amount of bullshit my mom went through because he left her alone with 3 little ass kids and now all of a sudden when i’m about to go to college and the youngest of us is almost 13, now he wants to be a present father figure ??????????
my guy you’re a little late
this isn’t how my life was supposed to be.
what could i have possibly done to deserve this?
i went to church, gave my offerings.
i’ve lived my life helping others.
my work/job/career is dedicated to helping others.
i always try to heal and to never hurt in both word and deed.
i am not without my faults... but i am a good man.
so why?
why did you take away our baby?
why did you deny me a chance at fatherhood?
i begged, pleaded, and prayed... and you still took her from us.
the only thing that i wanted from this life, and you robbed me of it.
my wife was never the same after that.
i could see my marriage starting to wither... i felt her becoming more distant.
again, i begged you for mercy, i wept and pleaded bitterly.
did you even see me on my knees in the snow praying for you not to take my wife from me?
did you hear me at all?
all that therapy and counseling, and she still left me.
i hadn’t heard from her in 3 years and now... now i find out she’s had twins with some other guy.
twins... something we’d always joked about and secretly something i had hoped for.
now i’m alone on the outside looking at life that was supposed to be mine.
this can’t be happening.
please let me wake up from this nightmare.
i keep having this weird fantasy where i climb on top of my roof and throw myself off of it, even going as far as to plan out how i’d do it by climbing on the deck railing to get onto the roof like i’ve done before to clear the gutters.
not diagnosed but i feel it’s a sign things are getting worse.
take care of yourselves guys.
never know when your mental state can do a complete switch
i just don’t know why i should tolerate this anymore.
i literally stay in bed for 20+ hours a day, only actually sleeping for about 3-4 hours because of insomnia.
every second is extreme pain.
my eyes hurt too much to keep them open, and they still hurt when closed.
i feel like there is a sharp pain in my stomach at all times of the day and i can’t even move.
i’m 17 years old and have been living this way for years.
meds and therapy have absolutely no effect on me.
i’m not suicidal but the thought of eternally living this way fills me with dread.
the worst part, i have no cause to be sad.
i have a great life, i guess i just got unlucky with genetics.
i genuinely have no hope.
i don't like the taste of alcohol, and have a sensitive stomach, which makes me buying beer have no logical value whatsoever.
if you look at my post history (yes i am self conscious, just like you) you can see that i am supposed to have spent my last dollars on drugs (i could of meant alcohol in the post i am talking about, but it wasn't) and no this isn't at all a covered post begging for money, i just like venting and posting to my own profile doesn't help in same the way.
anyway, my mom sometime buys me those big water bottle that need you to have a water machine (is that how they are called in english?)
and you can go to pretty much any convenience store and you get 10 bucks for the empty water bottle (the full one cost 5.99 more, and filling your empty one also cost 5.99) anyway, i was fully aware i didn't have that 6 bucks for a full water bottle and decided to buy a 6-pack of beer with the 10 bucks instead.
i am currently urinating way too much, having watery stool and having a bloated stomach with no "safe" water supply to replace my lost fluids, which is entirely my fault and was a possibility i took into consideration buying beer instead of just water (you can still buy a decent amount of water with 10 bucks, just a lot less than what is inside those big water bottle, 18 liters)and i currently hate myself for having made this decision, i am not blaming anyone except me, i can admit there was a whole 30 minute i felt great because of the alcohol, which would not have happened with just water.
its just that i hate that somehow i chose that tiny timeframe where the pain will be eased knowing the pain will be worse than usual for the next day or two, hunger is manageable, thirst isn't, but i don't trust my tap water (even thought i will have to "trust" it eventually)i don't like my life, no, i don't like living, i don't like myself, my decisions, my regrets after any bad decision knowing fully i knew about the regret i would have, i don't like that i live with about less than half what the poverty line is, even with higher education than most have (i live in canada if anyone is wondering at this point).
where is the medical aid for dying to those in constant psychological pain?
why do people still need a permanent physically painful illness to win the euthanasia lottery?
edit: added missing word because i am drunk and sad.
and it’s making me super depressed.
i have nothing to go back to.
my job is gone.
i’m scared of getting a job.
i wish we could just stay home.
i have multiple mental disorders that make living incredibly painful.
i recently forgot about a final that i had to do that was supposed to be for an easy class.
i feel awful and it felt like the fact that i failed validated all the bad things about me.
i don’t know what to do anymore.
i just want to lie down and never get back up.
give me a reason world i want to stop myself but can’t i’ve provided nothing and have received nothing but yet there’s a 10% of me that has second thoughts make me wake up in a hospital bed throwing up or something not 6 ft under.
to everyone i’ve disappointed i’m sorry i don’t value life as much as the old me hope you may forgive me if i don’t make it
i want to cry when i hurt or am in pain or just feel bad but i can’t.
i feel like i’ve buried my emotions for so long i can’t make my body process emotions.
this makes 5 years in a row now that i've been without her.
seeing everyone with their mothers celebrating doesn't help either, i just wished i could tell her how much she meant to me she was the greatest person i've ever known.
does anyone else feel numb?
married and miserable...9 to 5 jobs, constantly running around to kids activities, just to come home to a selfish, ungrateful husband.
zero time to yourself?
not really enjoying life?
keep praying for better days?
may is such a hard month.
this is the second mother’s day without her.
and her birthday is a week a half from now.
this used to be most exciting time of the year.
we used to shower her with gifts all the time.
it was her christmas.
and now i have no family.
nobody.
and i just try my best to get through and not think about it too much.
it just sucks.
i’ve been sad for so long behind it.
some days are better than others.
but today just reminds me of what i no longer have.
everything i have missed out on; everything i will miss out on.
friends, lovers, long gone.
they have forgotten, or never really cared.
alone in the empty void where i once felt warmth; now devoid and barren of comfort.
alive, but not truly living.
waiting for when my time comes.
thinking about the memories that could have been.
this is all things from the past(around 5-10 years ago), but i want to vent.
please give me a comment if you thought my mother was toxic or narcissistic, for i’m still not sure of it.
i got into a veterinary school at 18, after a full year of doing nothing but studying, eating and sleeping.
mother resented this however, because she didn’t want her daughter to be better than her.
also she hated the fact her money(raised solely by father because she’s a housewife) was being taken away for my relatively high school costs.
she became depressed and eventually threatened to kill herself if i kept going to school.
at just 18 mother was everything to me, and i was in such a shock i couldn’t concentrate on my studies-every minute of every day the only thing i could think of was my mother lying dead at home-my grades fell and i dropped out of school.
apparently i too was depressed to the point i couldn’t think logically or reach out for help.
unfortunately father was a very cold hearted if not psychopathic and emotionally unavailable, he pretended as if mother’s depression did not exist and i was an ungrateful brat for quitting school.
after quitting school i lost all purpose in life and a few years later attempted suicide.
by then mother had found a new lover and filed a divorce to marry him.
i moved in with her to his home and his children because i was still very dependent on her despite what she had done to me.
i was hospitalized for attempted suicide and discharged three months later.
i was returned home to my mother.
the things she said to me there went something like : you’re a retard, you’re an embarrassment to the family, please don’t show yourself in front of my husband or his children, you’ll leave a bad impression for me.
i was given a storage room to live in.
the door had no lock, it was too small to even spread a mattress flat, and everyday and night i could hear mother and her husband having sex across the hallway in their bedroom.
during those times i slept with a belt firmly grasped in my hand, and during daytime i would walk around the neighborhood counting the floors of apartments, finding peace whenever i came across accessible buildings that were tall enough for me to end my life whenever i wished.
sorry this is so long.
i have a lot more to tell in between but i’ll keep it like this for now.
btw, for those who care to know, i’ve escaped both my parents five years ago, still dealing with heavy depression but i live away from those toxic people.
thank you for those who took their time to read this!
it’s so weird to feeling this way and it leaves me so confused.
sometimes i try to further explore how i feel because i think it will help me to better my mental health yet i feel constantly sad and empty.
at the beginning i was only sad so this new feeling of nothing sometimes makes me worry.
i just wish i had someone to listen i don’t even care if they can’t grasp how i feel, i guess i just crave to be seen.
i’ve been self isolated for so long i basically forgot humans are supposed to eat 3 meals every day.
that seems like so much.
i don’t think i could   find the money or motivation to prepare 3 separate meals consisting of different food every single day even if i wasn’t depressed.
that sounds crazy to me.
i eat one meal usually an hour or two after i wake up and that’s it.
i’m not usually even hungry then i just know if i don’t it increases my chance of a mental breakdown that day by like 500%.
edit: bless y’all’s heart but i specifically posted on this sub to get away from the oven mitt self help advice lmfao
it only comes rarely.
it goes away quickly.
i literally fall hard so fast and i hate it.
i hate how i only get happy when a man pays attention to me.
and i get so broken in the end.
i hate how i treat it like a drug.
i hate how it’s my own damn fault.
i hate myself.
if i can find some pills i can overdose on in my cabinet i'll just get it over with tonight
every night i'm getting less and less sleep and the nightmares are getting worse.. i wake up crying, shaking and in pain, and the only person who could help me through this isn't here anymore and it's killing me..he was my anchor, my rock, my best friend, and someone i love still so very much.. i wish he loved me back, or missed me a little..these nights alone will kill me.. i'm sure of it..
24 years old here and within the past 3 months, my depression has gotten to its darkest point in my life.
these days, i feel a lot of self hate, numbness and jaded towards life in general and "the way things are".
these feelings are hard to cope with, i find myself not wanting to go to work and just wanting to sleep.
if i'm having a good day, i can convince myself to do something i enjoy.
but that's about all i'm doing for that day.
once i'm finished, i'm done with everything else for the day.
anyway, all of these feelings are enough to deal with on their own, but when things seem to be at their worst, life always comes in to kick me while i'm already down.
just this past week, i overdrafted in the bank, 2 tires went bad on my car.
one has a leak and the other a broken belt.
i'm nearly out of gas and still have to get to work, i owe money to a cash advance place, i only got 14 hours scheduled at work this past week so i'll have like no money to money to pay for all this out of my next check.
as if this all wasn't enough, my fiance texts me today that our microwave broke.
all of this came at the worst possible time.
we're trying to save for a wedding.
my fiance has bad anxiety when it comes to money and i just feel like a failure and a burden.
i can't even pay to keep my car running or the household finances in check, let alone pay for a wedding or support a family.
all of this with my depression just solidifies my insecurities of being a failure at life.
for a good half hour today, i felt like i was really going to kill myself over a microwave.
i don't know, life just feels like too much anymore.
my depression has gotten too severe for me to deal with and the universe just doesn't seem to have me in its favor.
i don't know what to do for myself or what's going to make me feel like i used to.
when i (f21) was 15 (2015) i was diagnosed with depression after trying to end my life.
i got the help i needed and got better.
a couple years ago i stopped going to therapy and weaned myself off my meds.
don’t get me wrong, i still have my days/weeks but i have done amazing things since then and i’m so proud of myself and how far i’ve come.
recently, those bad days/weeks turned into months.
since january i have been on an downwards spiral and i think i’ve hit rock bottom.
january: it started off by being overworked (60 hour weeks on my feet the entire time).
i told my boss multiple times i couldn’t do these hours anymore as i was too tired and my body couldn’t handle it.
she told me to drink some coffee and deal with it.
that went on for 2 months before i mustered up the courage to quit.
march: i had a good week after that and then i was right back to being depressed.
my boyfriend, who i live with, told me he didn’t think he could handle being there for me once he starts school in the fall along with work.
i applied to 30 jobs over the next month with no calls back.
april: i had the idea to start a reselling business.
i really enjoyed it but it hardly brought in the profit i wanted.
my boyfriend brings up not being able to be there for me again and i gave him the opportunity to end things.
he said he didn’t want to and sees a future with me.
i was happy he wanted that.
an old coworker texts me saying her mom wanted me to come work for her and i started immediately.
i’m doing great at this point, things are looking up!
the night before my first day my boyfriend was acting weird.
i was overthinking and searched his phone(something i’ve never done before, i just had a feeling).
i found nudes of one of his coworkers.
he said she sent those out of nowhere and he didn’t want to make things at work weird so he didn’t block her or acknowledge them.
he begged me not to leave him and apologized profusely.
may: i’ve been struggling horribly since then with trust issues.
i looked through his phone again and found flirty texts with a different coworker that seemed inappropriate to me but he insisted they were innocent.
he’s visiting his dying grandfather in a different state this weekend so i have the house to myself.
i’ve enjoyed the time to process everything and figure out how i feel but now i’ve never felt more alone in my life.
i’m absolutely heartbroken and all i want is to be held and comforted while i cry and i have no one.
i reached out to a friend who’s always been there but it didn’t help.
all i want is my boyfriend.
before all this we had an amazing relationship and he’s been my rock for so long.
he doesn’t come home for a couple more days and i don’t think i can make it.
the only thing i have going for me anymore is this job.
i know i need help again but i don’t know how to get it.
i hate myself bc the only thing that stays anymore is the feeling of never being wanted or not being good enough for anyone.
i hate myself bc it seems like every person i’m close with i either push away or i’m not good enough for them.
i hate myself bc i cant ever put in an assignment on time or keep my grades at a good spot.
i hate myself bc i push myself to do things i don’t want to do just to fit in with people that don’t even notice.
i hate myself bc i fall for people so easily knowing damn well i have no chance with them at all.
i hate myself bc i’m so confused with my sexuality and religion that i can’t be bi but i like girls and guys.
i hate myself bc i put on an act around different people just to fit in with them even though they’re not long term people at all.
i hate myself bc i sexualize myself just for validation from others.
i hate that i never text my dad back even after everything he’s done and feel guilty for not.
i hate myself that i over think every situation and act like i don’t give a shit when in reality i’ll play the situation over and over in my head.
i hate myself bc i cant even look at myself anymore without being disgusted in who i am.
i hate myself bc whenever i’m upset i turn to someone or drugs or alcohol to solve my problems.
i hate myself bc i made the most important person leave me.
i hate myself bc i cant remember shit and i feel so guilty for it and i try and try over and over to remember for that person or that thing and i just can’t.
it’s like my mind is so far away from reality i can’t come back at this point.
at night i can’t make up scenarios in my head anymore to fall asleep bc i can’t think bc i’m so overwhelmed with everything it’s like i’m at rock bottom again but i feel every single thing this time.
i just want to feel absolutely nothing nothing at all and never come back to reality.
i hate myself bc i trust people so easily knowing damn well what’s going to happen that i’m just going to get stabbed in the back once again and i just let them back in.
i hate myself bc i’m so fucking done with everything and i don’t even have the fucking courage to even end it.
i fucking hate that i feel absolutely nothing but everything at once.
i hate when people say “hannah you’re such a chill person you don’t even give shit about things” like i give shit about everything but i don’t show it bc i’m scared to be seen as weak.
i hate myself bc i cant even trust myself to be on antidepressants without trusting myself not to pop every single pill just to feel absolutely numb to the world.
i hate myself i hate myself i hate myself so much so fucking much.
i just had my boyfriend over for 2 days, first time i’ve had him over in weeks.
and he just went home again.
and right before he was going to go i started crying so bad.
i broke.
and after he went home i let it all out fully and i’ve been crying intensely for the past 30 minutes.
cuz well i love him a lot and get sad everytime he has to go home.
but that’s not my point here, it all made me realize how depressed i’ve been.
because now i know im gonna go right back to that very depressed, partly numb place where i just wish i didn’t exist.
i’ve been trying to get better but have actually been getting worse the past weeks.
and i think i just realized how bad it ‘s been because my boyfriend being here made me feel so much more again.
everyday i dont really care that im so depressed, probably because i am depressed.
so now that i’ve had him over , taking me more out of that depressed state, i realize how down bad i really am and i don’t wanna be.
its awful.
its painful.
but when im in it its also kinda comfortable.
but rn i just see how bad it really is.
but i dont know what to do about it.
and im sad that im probably gonna watch myself fall back into it any moment.
i also realize how messed up my mind is everyday and tbh it’s frightening.
it’s frightening how that is usually my normal state.
i feel so lost tbh.
i thought i didn’t anymore, but now i realize i do.
i also feel guilty for being so depressed when i have such an amazing person so close to me in my life.
the depression isnt fully gone when he is here.
and it makes me feel horrible because i love him so much and he is the best thing to ever happen to me yet i am depressed.
it also made me realize how alone i am.
how little people have love for me.
i mean i knew, it just hit differently now.
i cut off my toxic family.
i currently dont really have friends.
probably my fault.
i used to have friends.
i dont know what friendships are anymore.
i changed and want friendships differently that before.
these things dont bother me at all usually.
but idk it just hits me because my boyfriend has friends and and his family.
don’t get me wrong im very very grateful for him.
so grateful.
but i kinda also feel like a failure and useless and like nobody, non worthy or lovable etc.
please someone say something, i haven’t poured my heart out like this in a very long time.
people are always weirded out by the fact i don't drink, do drugs, etc.
the fact is i never tell anyone the main reason why i don't.
i tell them it's for my health, but it's for more than just that.
the other reason i don't is because i'm aware i might very likely become addicted due to my possible depression.
frankly, people who expect everyone to engage in stuff like that are just assholes to me.
insulting and belittling me for not wanting to drink nail polish smelling beverages (seriously, the alcohol i smelled smelled like straight nail polish) shouldn't be a problem.
do any other people here have the same reason for not drinking or doing drugs?
i have no idea where my head is at.
i had days to finish my spanish work and didn't because i am so stupid and now i am going to fail the class and going to need to retake it next semester.
im in college and am really starting to think i do not belong in college.
it is never ending.
i only have 3 semesters left but that is if i take 5 classes per semester, pass them.. i can't do it.
school has been really hard during the pandemic and i stuggle so bad with depression i don't know what to do.
i need to find a plan b this summer because i think i am done.
my brain does not want to cooperate at all
it's not that my mom is the worst but i do blame her for being part of the reason why i suffer from depression and violent tendencies.
i don't even know if i love her anymore, i think i used to before, but now i'm just numb.
all i feel towards her is just hate, she destroyed my every bit of love for her.
others might call me ungrateful, heck, i even think of myself as ungrateful but i just can't forgive the things she did to me, and it outweighs all the good things she'd done for me.
she told me that i never thought of her as a mother and she's right, i can't respect her as a mother because she never acted like a mother towards me.
even if she guilt trips me by saying how she carried me in her belly for 9 months and cared for me when i was a baby, how am i able to remember all that?
all i remember are the bad things and how i always regretted ever being born.
and when i tell her about her mistakes, she doesn't even admit to it but blames me for everything instead.
i can't even show my sadness, anger, frustrations towards her because she would just get mad at it.
she tells me that i make her feel like she failed as a parent, the fact that i get jealous of other people's mothers already shows how much she failed at it.
i told her i never asked to be born, i was her mistake, she should've just aborted me, she should have just killed me, and yes i did try to attempt it on mother's day but i chickened out the last minute.
she feeds me, gave me clothes and shelter?
isn't that because she'll face child abuse and neglect if she didn't do all that?
and it's not her that did any of that stuff, it's only my dad that is working hard just to provide me those things, and it's only my dad who places any effort towards me.
my dad tells me to apologize to her for making her cry the whole night on mother's day, but i can't bring myself to do it.
i don't even know if she loves me or not, she never made me feel loved but she tells me everything i said makes her feel heartbroken.
she probably loves me but just someone who is full of flaws, but it doesn't excuse her abuse towards me.
tell me, am i such a bad person to make their mother cry on mother's day?
should i apologize to her?
but i don't think she even wants to talk to me.
i’ve been doing well this weekend until now.
it’s getting dark and i’m not feeling well being alone.
maybe i just wasn’t depressed before.
i feel like the last 8 years has been a slow decline in empathy and a surge in depression.
i used to think i was an “empath” when i was younger and that the sadness i felt was connected to everyone else.
the past few years especially i have noticed just how selfish i’ve gotten.
maybe it’s more jealousy than anything?
but now it’s so hard to feel bad for anything and anyone because of the way i feel i guess.
i feel like when i’m truly sad, not angry or jealous i feel way more depressed for the general state of everyone i see.
but when i get angry i don’t care about anyone else or i have to force myself.
is that even part of depression or something else.
i'm so sad, i've been so sad for years.
i wish i could die without killing myself.
i'm tired of taking care of this stubborn body, of trying.
i just want to sleep.
i'm only 23 and i so badly want to get better but this feeling is always creeping under my skin.
i wish i was beautiful and deserving of love.
i'm made up of only jagged pieces, chaos, i am a disaster.
i heard this song today and i realized that this is how i feel when my depression gets bad.
i don’t know why i’m posting about it, i guess i kinda wanted to see if anyone else felt the same?
let me know
(f19) i’ve had depressive episodes since i was 13, but for many years they only happened around christmas break and i knew it would get back to normal once i went back to school.
then in 2019 i was hit with a bad spell of insomnia that threw me into a nervous breakdown and i haven’t been truly normal since.
the next school year, i’d feel completely content and normal at school, then everyday when i got home i’d be overwhelmed with sadness.
that went away eventually and i went back to normal, then covid hit and my sleep got super messed up again which threw me into another nervous breakdown.
i got depressed again but eventually it got back to normal and i was happy for a while.
then fall and winter hit and my seasonal depression started up again.
i just felt like there was a weight bringing me down, a quiet discontentment with where i was in my life.
i don’t know what it is, but the feeling just kills my joy and calm.
i went on medication for it, and then developed ocd which drove me crazy for a few months.
i’ve leveled out but still have a feeling like there’s something wrong with me or my life and i don’t know what it is and that scares me.
i’ve been in therapy but i don’t think it’s helped with this persistent feeling.
maybe i should up my medication?
i’m only 5mg of lexapro so it’s probably not doing too much for me.
i just wanted to know if it was something genuinely wrong with my life that’s causing this feeling or just a chemical imbalance in my brain.
i just hate feeling like this.
it scares me that i don’t know what’s wrong and it feels like i’ve tried working on my mental health but this just hasn’t changed.
i've been in a depressive state since a year.
sometimes i get suicidal thoughts.
my parents do everything they can to help me, i have a loving family and minor problems, but i still feel sad, and knowing that makes it worse for me.
i get thoughts that i just would like to suppress, and my narrow obsessions take up all of my time, tires me and people don't care and it makes me feel more suicidal.
i already have a psychologist and psychiatrist, but they aren't always there.
i just want to discuss and express myself.
i’m just so exhausted being the “kind, patient, and understanding” friend only to be shoved to the side as an afterthought.
i guess it’s my fault for being too loving and people taking advantage of that.
i have a friend who moved across the country and has been struggling mentally and financially without any family or friend support there.
and because she’s one of my (what i thought) best friends i’ve been there for her every single day since she’s moved there.
being supporting, caring, and trying to comfort the loneliness she was facing there.
even when i had a long exhausting days at work i would come home to facetime with her or play video games when she asked so she wouldn’t be sad.
i even spent $400 on flight tickets to visit her this month to make sure she’s doing mentally okay only for her to start ghosting me the past four weeks with no explanation.
i’ve been so worried she hurt herself and tried to reach out to make sure she was alive and okay only to get no response or barely a sentence.
found out recently she stopped talking to me over a girl she’s trying to date.
it hurts so much because she couldn’t even tell me she just dropped our entire friendship and i had to find out through social media.
i’ve always been so empathetic and understanding to my friends only for them to hurt me in the end.
maybe i keep befriending the wrong people or try to find the best in others, but god it hurts to be treated like this.
nothing ever left me im just unable to react like i used to.
so it’s just sitting there...i’ll always be weak so why can’t i just take my life?
i just want it all to stop.
it’s not right to go on this way but i refuse to...i’m so lost and empty i can’t even cry anymore...there’s nowhere to turn, no way to cope bc i really do wish more than anything to die but i’m afraid.
so i suffer, living meaninglessly trying to escape.
but it’s pointless.
i’m just pretending to be alive when there’s nothing left.
i see the humor in it all but i can’t bring myself to laugh.
i just keep going
i feel like a product just waiting for my expiration date to happen.
like, my life is a to do list and once i get all the things done that i need to get done i'm just gonna lay down and die.
usually i think  it's gonna happen in my early thirties, i'm 18 rn.
i have been depressed for the majority of my teenage years, i think 13/14 is when it really started, but i was never suicidal until like summer/fall of last year.
i used to think "i'm depressed but i don't want to die.
i would never seriously consider killing myself."
and now i simply don't see a meaning in life, there is nothing to live for.
i noticed a build up of more and more suicidal thought over the last year, caught myself stopping on a bridge, caught myself planning and fantasizing about killing myself.
my depression has a negative impact on my school stuff and my relationships of which i have barely any left.
i feel like i'm falling apart and every few weeks when i feel this little spark of "i think i'm getting better" it ends up being a little break before my depression gets even worse.
i don't wanna die but i don't want to live.
sometimes i think that once [.....] happens and i have nothing left here anymore i'm gonna go and kill myself.
i am convinced that at some point in my life it's just gonna happen.
i’ve been dealing with panic attacks everyday since i started my new job.
it’s just so stressful.
i’m new and the training was terrible and i have so much work to do without a clue on how to do it.
after work it’s been hard to get up and go do things because i’m feeling so defeated and down.
i really struggle with change and also i feel like i’m not where i want to be.
any tips for help against panic attacks or just help with depression would be greatly appreciated.
thank you
i'm headed to uni this year (hopefully) and essentially into adulthood.
all my friends seem so prepared for everything but i have no idea whats going on.
i was meant to have killed myself two or three times already but i couldn't do it.
now i have to face everything i previously ignored and i'm so unprepared for it.
it's making me feel worse than usual and it's like i have a deadline for killing myself now, almost like if i don't do it soon i'm forced to live the rest of my life like this.
i don't want to put a downer on my birthday, but its hard to keep acting like i'm excited.
my life isn't really what i want it to be, and i'm always feeling so lonely.
my cat died a month ago and i'm scared someones gonna trigger that memory and then i'll start crying in public.
no one really seems to care about me.
and i've been struggling with self harm and eating disorders for at least three years.
i cant be what i want to be because i now have social anxiety really bad.
and i'm starting to get really bad anxiety tics, which i'm scared of people noticing, because i know they'll makefun of me.. which makes them worse.
lately i've wanted to self harm more, and my eating disorders have gotten worse and it seems like i'll never get out of this hell.
i really dont know what to do anymore.
ever since i turned 20 a few weeks ago my stress and anxiety has only skyrocketed, and it really has only recently hit me how much i’ve wasted my life and my teen years.
truthfully, the pandemic was a bit of an excuse for me to avoid thinking about my future and my existence as a whole, but now that everything is starting to wind down and we’re returning to some sense of normalcy, i’m starting to feel shitty again.
my brother got a job and he’s two years younger than me.
it’s embarrassing, and i don’t have a lick of work experience except for volunteering maybe but it’s not the same.
i got an eye exam the other day and one of the employees mentioned that she was the same age as me which was funny because she was already looking like a full-blown adult.
like i’m still relying on others for transportation for god’s sake because of my bad driving anxiety.
sure, i’ve applied to a few jobs and am waiting to hear back but what’s the point when i have very little skills and they probably won’t even consider me.
they’ll have to be super desperate to want me.
i do have an ideal job in mind that i want really badly but i’m terrified i’m going to be thrust into an environment i’m uncomfortable with and have to work with people that don’t care about me or my mental well-being.
the dark stories i hear on social media don’t help my situation.
it’s even worse because i don’t know what to do since i’m moving to a dorm in a few months for school and i wouldn’t be able to work for long before then.
i’ve looked in to on-campus jobs but of course they’d be more competitive.
ugh.
i’m just tired of feeling embarrassed for still depending on my mother for money.
i know i shouldn’t compare myself to others but it’s honestly fucking impossible.
hi this is my first post in this subreddit.
im gonna start, 1 month ago i sent a friend request( facebook because thats our main website in our country) for this girl and she accepted it.
we did not talk after she accepted my friend request and i dunno how to start a conversation .
so a few days later she video chatted me and i denied that because i dont have internet that time after that i asked why did she called me, she said it was a misclicked and i said oh ok and after that we talked a few days later and it became a hobby to me to talked to her daily, sooo yeah fast forward into the present , we get to know eachother then i developed some feelings for her and i told her that i liked her(even though i know she liked another guy) after that i asked her if there was a chance that she can like me back and she answered i think then i was really happy but after the guy she liked came back then she started ignoring me and i am here depressed, lonely and sad.
yeah i just want to share this to you guys so umm can i have advices for how to deal with this?
(sorry for bad eng its not my first language)
been dealing with depression for over 4 years.
i think i find a light but then i somehow randomly find myself feeling just this overwhelming sadness or darkness.
ever since hs ended i’ve progressively lost friends or i guess people who i thought were friends.
haven’t hung out with nobody in months besides my gf but i still crave friendship and sharing moments with people other than her.
sometimes i think of just not having to deal with myself or these dark thoughts anymore but i know i’d leave people like my family sad if i wasn’t here anymore.
i know it’s wrong but being alone, dealing w being abandoned from my father and just life is really getting to me lately.
mix in loneliness and it’s a pretty good recipe of mental torture.. for me atleast.
please.
is anyone out there?
am i just speaking into nothing?
why won't anyone say anything?
where has everyone gone?
the past three years have been especially hard on me.
left an abusive relationship, did two years of therapy, left my shitty job, got a new job, got laid off for covid, moved.
i thought when i started working again my depression would go away and instead, it feels like it’s just moved to a different area of my life.
i hate the way i look.
i lost 15 lbs after gaining 20 and i’m still not happy.
finally working in my field and...still not happy.
if i opened my closet and could just walk into another universe to escape this suffocating nothingness, i would.
it feels like i’ll never be able to lead a happy, normal life
i feel like my mental state is only getting worse and worse.
i feel more and more alone these days and it’s like i’m powerless to fix it.
i was finally learning to feel more comfortable opening up to my boyfriend, but just recently we broke up.
all i wanted was to feel loved and i couldn’t even have that for some reason.
i feel like i’m so alone recently and nothing is working or enough no matter what i do.
really starting to wonder what the point is.
i don’t know what to do.
feels good to feel.
was looking through photos of my mom and little brother.
feels really good.
doesn’t take the pain away completely, but i do feel better.
(as i am writing this she is sitting next to me we're in a car).
i've been spanked by this woman all my life.
and i always cower in fear whenever she come near me.
and i feel now that she's hiding something as serious as sexual assault from me.
i have been suspicious that i might've been raped as a young child, because i have really bad bedwetting problems when i was younger and when i asked my mom about that issue shes quick to dismiss it.
i feel like i have.
even though our memories are so blurry, the abuse as a child is so far awhile.
the pedophilia encounter i had remembering almost agreeing to becoming a sugar baby.
i suffered from a supposed "kids chat" i just fee like something isn't right.
like somewhere i feel like my memories of the rape i had.
i can't seem to remember it.
and when i bring it up to somebody my family seems to brush it off.
also whenever i talk to a family friend my mom lectures and insists i might've been sexually involved with them.
if i never have been.
the one time it happened (i will call him joe).
i was just saying hi to our family friend joe.
but my mom and step dad thought i was having sex with him.
all because the nosy bus driver saw me talking to them.
like... is that odd?
because they are friends with the guy who i said hi to.
i also remember vividly almost agreeing to have sex with a boy at 13/14 in a residential home i was in (it was intersex).
i almost never went through with it.
(thank god)!
i never saw the dude again.
was for the best, because his temper is as bad as a storm.
because i always thought he might beat me if i did anything slightly wrong, i already have memories of abuse at a younger age.
which caused my did and trauma.
and why i flinch whenever someone raised their hand or try and high five me.
what also makes it worse, she smokes and i begged her to stop because it makes me cough really badly.
she  yells at me and tell me to shut up, i also tried to call the cops on her to escape her.
but they did nothing stating if i'm under her care then i should abide by her rules.
what rules?
she also almost suffocated one of our alters octavia to death by pressing her weight on us, restraining us.
we begged her to stop to the point that the cops were involved and i was sent to the mental hospital, i hate how she treats me.
i'm planning to run away once i get the chance.
because she never listens to me, like whenever i don't listen to her she gets upset.
and i ask her why don't you listen to me.
she always says i am an adult i don't have to listen to you.
she prevents me from getting a job, she also doesn't let me do anything i feel like a prisoner in my own home.
she always makes "deals" which are half assed deals.
like i would get a job or learn how to drive when daddy gets home (step dad is in prision and she's so hopeful hes coming out but he isn't) so.
i am afriad of my mom who is a control freak.
i'm getting sick of feeling so aggressive, hopeless, numb..i feel this way once i'm alone.
i just now had a wonderful day today with my s.o.
and had the most laughs i've ever had in months.
yet as soon as my bedroom door is shut, it's as if the darkness that was lurking behind me throughout the day didn't want to hide anymore.
does that even make sense?
kind of like something inside me doesn't want peace.
a monster in it's cage that slips through the bars when i'm alone.
i feel both the emptiness of the cage it was once in, along with the violence the monster yearns to release.
i hate this feeling so much..   i feel 2-faced and ungrateful   i wish i knew how to rid of this darkness.
posting this in a few other mental illness subs as wellwhen i say it feels like anxiety has ruined my life and my brain, i mean it.
i can't even see it when it's there or where it's coming from, because it's everywhere, and i can't see.
it has destroyed all my clarity.
i feel just so fucking hopeless.
i feel like it's not even this creature on my shoulder where i still know who i am or i'm still mostly functioning, it's like it has eaten my brain and destroyed the way i think and behave, like my whole like is one giant bad coping mechanism.
i don't know where to begin if i never have clarity.
my personality is there, but it's underneath all of this fog.
i can't be myself normally because it is always tensing me up and turning my attention back to myself and my brain, causing worry that i have spent years repressing because otherwise it was too overwhelming.
i can't even feel properly depressed anymore cause it's like my emotions are in a lock and my brain/thoughts/emotions can move freely and naturally.
i need to know there is a way out of this.
the thing i think might help but won't be able to get for at least a little while, probably not till next semester is anxiety medication, and hopefully hopefully that'll release my brain from some of the tension and i can get more clarity and start to feel real again.
but i don't know if that'll work, and i don't want to put all my hopes in that.
not really sure what else to do or if there are things that help people.
yes.
i am.
i just dont want to be here.
but really.
why?
why does anyone stay here?
why?
it sucks here.
it does.
why am i even here?
i am nothing to anybody.
i am the most repulsive person on this planet.
i can barely look myself in the eye in the mirror.
i hate what i see, i hate what i am, i hate it.
i hate the people that made me this person.
i hate these thoughts that creep unwanted into my head to make me suffer.
it is better for it to be me than anyone, for other people have a purpose, and someone appreciates them.
not me.
i am only a number on a population count, which may go on the death toll soon.
anything i do, someone can do it better so why do i bother?
why do i try to get some number on a test, to make someone else happy?
i hope everyone else is happy, because i'm not.
i am not fine.
i am not fine!
i  just want to scream.
to cry.
to just have this be taken away from me.
i don't know what i did to deserve this.
what did i do?
i don't want this unwanted voice in my head.
i want it to leave.
i want to get the feelings back in my body and for me to get my colors back from this dark world of dispair.
i hate having to smile every day when i am not happy.
i hate having to act like eveyrhting is okay.
am i even despressed?
do i even have anxiety?
am i just making this up for attention?
why does my head hurt?
will anyone even care?
does anyone even care?
is there a reason to stay?
because i cant find my reason.
i want to truly believe that someone out there cares.
someone.
anyone.
to help me out of this hole.
this very deep, dark hole.
this horrible, deep, dark, hole of crushing silence.
if the silence is bad, what could be worse?
nothing.
wrong.
the endless repeating of horrible words and moments that overwhelm me.
this hourglass that i flip over and over for more time.
for a few more chances.
but this hourglass has a hole.
the sand is slowly trickling out, leaving a trail of everything i want to leave behind.
the shattered pieces of me that fall down, down, down into the hole.
i am afraid.
i  am scared that this darkness will overwhelm me.
that i will truly be a number still but on the dead list.
i am so numb.
so done.
so angry with myself for all this.
i don't know what i want, but i know that this suffering needs to end.
i am sorry for rambling on and on, but i needed to let some of this out of my head, because it is dark in here, and i cant contain all of these thoughts.
my husband said yesterday, "you're gonna have to snap yourself out of this in the next couple of days.
i can't stand seeing you like this."
i say, "it's not like i can turn it in and off."
"fine," he says.
"i'm just trying to help.
i'll just leave you alone (defensive passive-aggressive tone.)"
and so i curl back up in the bed and stare at the wall, more alone now than before.
and also guilty for the pain i'm causing him.
do you now the feeling when you are just thinking and get sad and think maybe im depressed but you keep thinking that you shouldnt be because everything bad that happend was 100% your fault and you dont even deserve to think like that.
like i even think i dont deserve to be called a friend because i dont do that much with them because i dont want to annoy them with asking them... but i also know it wont annoy them but i cant stop thinking.....
i feel bad tonight, and i don’t really have an outlet for me to communicate with.
i keep finding myself alienating people in my life.
i'm alone and empty.
i did this to myself and i'm not sure what the next step is.
does anyone have advice.
my life feels like i'm a fish in the ocean that refuses to swim.
the ocean may be full with beautiful coral reefs, schools of fishes to meet, currents that will take you far.
but i don't take part in all that because i just refuse to swim.
i let the currents take me wherever, and i even stay in the shallow water where it's uncomfortably warmer and where i will slowly and unhappily be washed ashore and die.
if only i would try a little bit i could get out of all this.
i would love to swim, i physically can swim, i know it's my only life and i resent myself for not living it, but i just don't.
this might be depression or it might not be, but i sure as hell am wasting my life away and i don't even know why.
so i made a little reddit post about instead of just thinking it in my head, as if that would change things or as if anybody cared.
it would be so nice if you could unfriend yourself.
i should be dead but i’m not prob why i see no value in life anymore.
it’s too easy, random.
i guess not having any distractions makes it easier to realize it’s all worthless
i hate bringing up feeling depressed to be hit back with a “but what about me don’t you pity me?
!” look.
told them i feel suicidal to have my sister cut me off saying it’s normal.
fk the fact that my mom and aunt dismissed me saying my depression is all in my head.
well that’s exactly what it is.
what the fuck?
just wondering if i’m the only one who does this.
i saved my unused prescription of seroquel and my wellbutrin subscription.
i also spent well over $1000 on xanax, mdma, ketamine and adderall -all unprescribed and bought illegally.
waiting for the day i slam down bottles of wine and take myself out of this fucking planet where nothing makes sense and my life is an empty joke.
is this a common thing?
pill hoarding?
or am i really just a legitimate shit show who can’t wait to die.
i am tired of living this life.
i mean all the days blend and mix.
it feels like just yesterday was january 1st.
my parents are arguing alot and yelling at each other all the time.
i have no true friends.
i have self harmed a bunch and everytime someone sees me they get scared.
i just wish i was normal and not the person i am now.
i'm going into 7th grade.
the worst thing is i am playing football.
my scars from self harm are on my arms and they are pretty bad.
everything is a mess anyway.
i'm about ready to take a gun and end it already.
i don’t even know where to start.
if you feel like this comment below so i know i’m not alone &amp; we can get through this shit together.
okay so where do i even start lmao.
i literally treat reddit like my therapist.
first of all this covid lockdown is literally killing me mentally.
i’ve been just on airplane mode if you know what i mean .. i’m here but everything is autopilot mode.
i don’t think of things i’m just day dreaming or not even i literally have nothing in my head lmao it’s just silent and i’m just doing my things.
i moved to another province a year ago and i have friends but god do i ever feel alone.
i always feel alone no mater what where or who i am with.
my friends here have their own groups and that’s totally okay with that.
but when i’m with them i always feel like i’m talking too much or not saying enough or i am extremely boring and they just want to go home.
because they don’t hangout with me the way their own group does which again i understand because i’m their new friend and they have been friends for years.
i feel this emptiness in my chest, i just wanna scream at the world for nothing.
i am tired of sitting at home 24/7 and it is so extremely hard to get a job right now and i am so unmotivated to do anything.
and trust me i’ve tried doing shit.
i’m thinking maybe this is because i’ve had a lot going on last year from 2019-2020 because my best friend had cancer and passed away and i haven really touched into that.
i know she’s gone but i have not come to terms with it.
i don’t know how.
i think i just stored it away and god knows when i can deal with it.
i cry and i’m sad sometimes that she’s no longer here but i’m not sure if i have grieved normally ??
i just had a crying stage stressed stage i couldn’t believe it and i still can’t.
pls don’t tell me it’s unhealthy i know it is but i don’t know how to deal with it.
basically i feel empty for no reason sometimes.
last week i had a heard week for some reason just a lot of emotions built up i went for a walk and just started bawling my eyes out and the weird thing is it was so cloudy outside and the sun literally was shining above me it felt like a warm hug from my friend.
anyways i feel weird sad like i’m not even here just autopilot mode.
i am 17 years old and from india.
in my country only way to get validation from the parents is by being really good student and becoming a doctor or an engineer.
i was really good student in 10th grade and wanted to become a lawyer but my parents sent me to a residential school so i can prepare for this engineering entrance exam called jee.
after living in a hostel for two years now i have sleep paralysis and other sleeping problems and i really don't know what to do while i am stuck in my house due to lockdown
32 m here.
just a figure among the broken.
not sure what i seek to accomplish but another memoir to my anonymous audience.
i’ve lived a solitary life, isolation is all i’ve ever known because i seem to lack the ability to relate to people or function in a social capacity.
for example i’ve never even made 1 friend.
almost nobody knows anything at all about me.
there is no childhood adventure stories or college shenanigans.
it has always been me alone.
the world is crushingly lonely and monotonous for me.
i hate my work routine but stick to it religiously out of the driving force of seeking security in life.
i spend weekends obsessing over how quickly time goes and accomplish little.
long story short i’m a miserable human.
i am of no danger to anyone but myself i suppose.
i wake up and go to sleep wishing death or imagining suicide.
just wish i could find more in life.
i hate the routine so bad but i’m too cowardly to leave it or kill myself.
my entire existence is trivial.
i guess some part of me hopes that i’ll come across someone someday that presents some wisdom to me that enlightens a change in my outlook.
otherwise don’t mind me i’ll just be here in my misery until i find my way to the hopefully sweet freedom release with death of conscious mind.
so i have been on anti depressants for a while now, and recently went up to 40mg.
since then my parents have been telling me i have been acting different, and my sister said i was acting like i was constantly on edge and overall not being very nice.
i personally have not been getting depressive episodes a whole lot, but i have noticed it feels like my emotions feel muted, or kinda dialed down.
like most of the time i just feel kinda dull i guess.
does anyone have any insight on this?
i've been quite agrophobic in a sense, been 2 years since i saw my friends or had much contact at all with them.
i've been to work, game sleep repeat.
i noticed how much my memory has deteriorated and it can be through loneliness and not exercising the brain well.
my job isn't that stimulating to keep the mind challenging itself at all.
what can i do that is free and not have to pay for brain game courses etc?
i forgot what one of my friends name was, completely, forgot what dominoes where called when i saw them.
very easy things have a stunt on me too, it's kinda scary.
how is a stranger that's never met me going to help feel that my life is valuable when i'm surrounded by people i trust and love that can't even help me feel that way?
so im not very good at typing but here i am trying but ive had deression for a really long time and ive come to the point where ive run of willpower to keep going i have no friends and i never leave the house i havnt been outside in about a year im so isoleted that i cant handle it any longer anyway i thought i post this and see if anyone wants to help or cares or anything really
it's easy to find info about why some people experience an increase in suicidal thoughts while first adjusting to a new antidepressant, but not so much how to cope.
does anyone have any tips on how to get through it?
i was previously on prozac for a few months and had an increase in suicidal thoughts at the beginning stages and after i got off (i got off because the physical symptoms were too much, and i really didn't feel any better at all).
it's been a few months and i'm still in the worst depression i have experienced thus far in my life, and my therapist recommended i try meds again so my doctor prescribed me lexapro.
i'm about to start taking it but am really scared that i will have an increase in suicidal thoughts while i adjust.
i know it will likely pass/get better after a few weeks, but i'm not sure how much that knowledge will help me get through it.
one thing that will be different is that i was mostly living alone (with minimal outside contact bc covid) when i was on prozac, whereas i am now living with my mom - complicated relationship, but i think living alone did not help suicidal tendencies.
i guess i'm looking for suggestions of that nature (but more easily done than a move haha) that i can do to push through any potential crises, or just generally if anyone has any experiences of a similar nature that they think might help.
thank you!
i felt on top of the world friday night, everything was going for me.
now i just feel so low and like i’m putting on an act whenever i’m with people.
i let myself get walked all over and don’t care.
i keep asking myself who would care if i didn’t come home.
i drink and don’t stop because it makes me the life of the party for a few hours.
makes me not feel small for a while.
but then i go back to being alone and the thoughts start coming back.
i cant concentrate on anything.
im always fidgety.
its impossible for me.to learn anything.
and im always depressed.
haha.
fuck.
i wanted to succeed and go to university but im a useless worthless fucking piece of shit that hurts people and everyone and makes everyone uncomfortable because my depression always seeps into every single relationship and fucks it up.
abuse,trauma, depression adhd, this shit world.
whats the point?
what point do i have?
is my pain even real?
i hate educational institutions of all types.
they make me feel miserable and anxious, like a bird trapped in a cage.
i’m in my final year of high school, two weeks away from graduating.
i never tried or revised for any exams yet i’m going to law school.
i don’t deserve this, i’ll hate university just as much as high school.
i just wanna be left alone as far away from humans as possible.
i would rather die then go through another four years of misery
i just blocked my mom today due to a very long term toxic relationship.
i wanted to reach out to anyone here to let you know it's ok to not have a relationship with them.
you come first and if someone is hurting you it's ok to cut them from your life.
mothers included.
so been on sertraline for about 4 months now and wanted to quit.
don't wanna go full turkey so this week going to take 25mg doses and then take that every other day and then stop.
i've taken sertraline years ago for a shorter amount of time and remember going cold turkey (because i'm dumb lol).
but had no withdrawal effects except one night i had a few brain zaps which was scary as hell.
however i remember that the symptoms i got this time for first taking sertraline was much worse in comparison to when i did it years ago.
so i was wondering if your symptoms at the beginning are bad, is that a clue that the withdrawal symptoms coming off them with also be bad?
also do you think my plan coming off them is a good idea (with taking the 25mg first)?
my fiancé (33m) went on antidepressants in 2020 after a depressive and almost suicidal period.
he also started going to therapy and got a lot better.
he gained quite a bit of weight since going on the antidepressants, and mentioned a couple months back stopping taking them because of this.
i’ve noticed behavioural changes in the last 3 weeks and i think it’s because he stopped taking his meds.
he has been sleeping a lot and is very irritable towards me.
how can i bring up my suspension without it causing further depression or irritability?
i can’t help but think i’m just one of those people born unlucky... appearance is shit, social skills are shit, and i have basically no friends.
all i do is work and watch videos all day.
life just seems so pointless like i’m living the same day over and over.
i get really jealous when i see other people living exciting lives.
happiness seems so out of reach.
every day just gets more tiring to the point i dont even enjoy doing the basic things i once enjoyed.
it is difficult to live while a voice inside my head grows more everyday reminding me of the actual waste of a person i am.
the worst part is, i try leaving this little signs out there to tell people i'm not okay, because its very difficult to actually mouth it, but no one seems to notice, everyone too bussy in their own little word to even pay attention to my breaking point.
i dont even know how to get help because i'm tired of being a dissapointment to my entire family.
im hoping one day this will all end.
my first thought walking up this morning was: fuck, it's mother's day; fuck, i'm starving; fuck, i'm going to d13.
it's been hitting rlly hard.
i haven't eaten/drank anything today, talked to anyone, gotten out of bed, etc.
the aloofness from yesterday is gone, now i'm just sad to have a body.
sad to be alone, sad to disappoint always.
i would be better if i could.
if it were so easy as to want and to do it, i wouldn't fail in pleasing.
so im going through the hardest time of my life, and im considering seeing a therapist.
it’s just that if i get diagnosed (which i probably will), they will refer me to a psychiatrist and i’ll have to take meds.
i’m just wondering is there any way that if i get diagnosed and i won’t want to take the meds?
also if you can tell me some positive and negative effects of antidepressants, im kinda scared of them.
i think its an escape somehow , i feel numb everyday and since i'm gonna die in a few days time why not just enjoy myself?
eat my favourite icecreams and just get horny till i the day i kill myself (which is soon)
i just broke up with my boyfriend who is suffering from depression but was in denial.
i have suffered with depression and bpd for well for as long as i can remember.
i broke up with him because i am currently going thru a pretty bad episode and i know he can’t help me and i wanted to resort to my normal vices (cigarettes, alcohol, and sex).
i knew i couldn’t with him in the picture.
i also feel like i’ve lost myself somewhere in our 5 year relationship.
i know i need to talk to someone but i also can’t bring myself to do that.
i’m pretty low right now and i know i can’t just kill myself because my brother killed himself about 4 years ago and i know my parents wouldn’t be able to get thru that again but i find myself accepting the idea of death in other ways.
well that’s it i guess.
tfw there's too much going on and you just wanna tell someone about it butbutyou're too tired to open up and you know it wouldnt change anything and letting people who have always thought youre ok what ur going through is so embarrassing so you just sit there wait for the moment to pass :,)
i have never been so sad in my life, i don’t think i ever allowed myself to fully realize all the things that have made me sad until recently.
i’m finding myself crying constantly, over things that might seem small but are really just causing the bigger things to come through.
i never thought i was suicidal, but i don’t think it’s normal to think about how it would be better if you didn’t exist.
that maybe all the things you’re feeling would go away if that happened.
i don’t know if i would ever do it, i’d be too ashamed of the pain i’d leave my mother in.
but how does one overcome this kind of sadness?
i have absolutely no feeling toward anyone really, like i try to, but the people i truly care about have hurt me so much and don’t reciprocate the same care, so i’ve just shut myself off emotionally toward them.
because of that i’m so lonely, i don’t have anyone to turn to.
i’m utterly miserable and sad and i only have my dog.
i feel like a loser most of the time, my life is not at all what it was supposed to be, what i tried to make it be.
i feel like it’s partially my fault, but i also know most of it was out of my hands and life happened to me in the worst way.
i’m so depressed about so many things and i don’t even know where to began to stop feeling like this.
how do i get happy, how do i get not depressed?
i didn’t used to be this way, i had hope, joy for the future and just life in general.
now that i’ve completely lost it i don’t know how to get it back.
when i see someone happy it’s like foreign to me, i don’t even know what that could possibly be like and i look at them with complete confusion.
so i’m pretty done right now.
had a guy leave me cause he thought i was too depressed.
lost a long term relationship tryna put myself out there again but things just ain’t the same.
feel useless, unhappy, and worthless.
friends seem to come and go.
family has their own issues.
what to do at this point?
i keep reading books i think will somehow give me an epiphany but let’s me real that whole crap about “only you can help yourself” is too true and i’ve clearly given up.
i don’t know anymore.
my therapist says i’ve been neglected my whole life and that’s true.
and now the only person who made me feel cared for left.
it hurts so much for that reason.
that they knew i struggled with this and they still decided they were too good for me and i deserve to be left to rot on my own.
they chose to give me pain.
how can someone just do that?
i don’t know anymore.
i don’t know where this is going.
i want to say i want to continue for my family but i’d be lying.
i have no one to talk to no one to listen.
so i guess this is me pretending someone cares.
me: ok, we have to get some sleep today.
it’s mother’s day and you need to spend time with her.
brain: naw, let’s think about all the things that make you sad and you cry instead of sleeping me: sounds good 😢
i had the chance to have access to an education and i blew it.
my depression was at it’s absolute max back in high school, and i honestly don’t think i would’ve made it out as a whole (also was in a terribly toxic « relationship »), but it could’ve opened me so many doors ?
i (20f) used to have so many dreams and ambitions yet the only one that seems somewhat reachable now is to find happiness at some point.
i wanted to work in the animation industry or the cinema, burned myself really bad; (working from 8am to 8am of the next day with 24h sleep in between) so now i have to learn how to appreciate what i dedicated my life to again.
absolutely love space, stupid as a wall when it comes to math.
it may sound absolutely dramatic since i’m only 20, but everything moves so fast and i can’t keep up.
i see people going forward in life, being happy in their craft, being hella talented, and i’ve just been a depressed fuck for the last 10 years.
a year ago i was still considered/treated like a child, and now i have to make decisions that are out of my reach.
do i find a random job for food money and closet appartement ?
do i pursue in art/cinema, but then what if i burn myself again and for good ?
couldn’t live with that.
what if i’m not good enough ?
(i’m not) should i start over in an other country ?
should i go back in school ?
(i emotionally and financially can’t) i could marry rich but you gotta be good looking for that lol.
i hardly have any energy to get out of bed, even less to get any work done.
(i have 2 short films to yet work on) masking is exhausting.
just feel really useless.
i just feel like i already blew all my chances of a comfortable future lolwhen i see young people being able to buy their parents their dream cars/house/trips it makes me really sad because i know i probably will never be able to.
if it was for me, i’d have no business being still alive, i don’t see the point of a lifetime of labour tbh.
i want them to be proud,but there’s nothing for them to be.
and it breaks my heart for them because they are the absolute best, they supported me through everything and they deserve better.
i don’t know what to do.
how the fuck do you guys heal from being raped and idk it just it’s ruining me tbh it’s happened by 3 people technically but i got slut shamed by my ex who’s a narcissist lol i can’t do this
i wish i got help sooner my grandma planned a trip to italy when i graduated highschool and i was so depressed i don’t even remember what we did, i was drinking the whole trip and just didn’t even wanna be around anyone.
my family can be very toxic and i was really hurting and i just wishing i got help before we went i feel like i wasted her money!
does anyone feel the same?
i don't know what hurts the most, losing people or losing myself.
i try not to be crazy, keep my composure and be strong, i am strong, but weak at the same time, if that even makes sense, the mystery behind me isn’t anything cool, or exciting.
it’s depressing, it’s sad, i’ll always be alone in my mind, with my actions, lies, motives,i’ll always lose people because i’m at never ending war with myself.
i lean on people to save me from myself.
i feel like i can never love my self, truly.
but i had someone who could ease it, you know?
and i made it my goal to ruin it, literally, she was so good to me, she was my comfort, i broke her, completely, but not only to ruin her, to build her, and she hung on , for so long, for so fucking long.
now i’ve reached a point where i can no longer progress, i’m in a pond with a canoe rather than in the ocean around me in a sailboat..
i feel like my soul is tired every time i’m alone.
it’s like if my soul was fighting again me.
i’ve been mentally and spiritually down lately.
and it’s all because of this empty feeling.
like i’m missing something, but i can’t figure it out
i use to have many emotions, feel happy when i get a message for example but since i'm depressed, it's like my brain turned off my emotions and i can t feel excitement anymore.
before i would get lonely but now i don t have this feeling of loneliness i also have 0% appetite but i don t know if it s related.
btw i m very depressed, in a very high level so.
so intronothing more nothing less first ,😨 hello i don't know why i feel nervous no-one ever replys or looks at my pages lol ,maybe i'm just being the usual weirdo but hello anyway 👋 i'm sad girl and i post daily logs,about !!!!!
you guessed it, sad girl sh!t welcome to my blog and enjoy 💓 i am just the weird sad loner girl next door the one that doesn't like human contact,hates sunlight and sudden noises ,and big ass glasses,to cover all this ugliness👏 you don't know me,but i got you, kinda thing #lonervibesi'm not normal ,i know what your thinking no-one is bloody normal but let me tell you there's not normal ,then there's me , nooooooo oooooonnne likes me num not 1 human, i am the most unlikable big foreheaded buck teeth (asexual) bich in the planet and a massive scapegoat for anyone who would love to have a go at inaliating my soul my character and change my personality here and there #everyonesgoatyyylet's get into it 👣a dream of love last night i had the best dream ever 👌again, full of loveliness and suffocation ,jazz hands on my neck get s me every time he really done a number on me shockingly here i am ,i died a thousands times and he's skipping along with he's pimp stick to the world he's an angel to me and my garden seeds,he won't be forgotten ever , i'm fine so fine that the slash on my skin makes me feel alive,and not mention the rest of the crocodiles and wolfs, i'm the slut monster i love it it's a beautiful fiction of dumbass reality ,i will treasure my bacteria sized punters ,hey didn't even have to fuhg to be a ho ,life's just great maybe the same concept will happen with money and a career and whoooshhh i'm rich all of a sudden in my cheerleader outfit obviously every degenerate loves a cheerleader outfit ,so me let's not forget my desperation and urge to fuhg 🍆 gets over me so much that ,i just cannot control myself in life's situations ,hmm bake cookies,?💁 send pictures of my ass to random men in front of my family ??
life's hard man i just love to talk and fuhg strangers 💕 as you do .
let's go round again life, fight fight fight fight fight fight fight fight and again tomorrow let's go , welcome today let's beat the shize of your brain go 👊👊 ah in the circus we welcome,crackhead real life monster aww her beauty blinds me a heartless heart is gawjus wowyeee just the best kind of women her voice pearces through her mini seed when she doesn't get her junk ,her hair is shining grease lightning ,👏👏👏 she never misses a show her rat is flying ,🎶🎵around the world "around the world 🌎 🎶🎵 and everyone else ,well they're selectively blind and someone knocking but noone a home ,a good person is not a scapegoat simple as that ,so the circle of the circus begins ,i'm a clown your a clown 🚻 as well as the war in me and finally the destruction goes on with seeds not growing as colorful they know ,i know but we're crazy so you can't call them crazy but you can run me over with a toe truck it's okay ,i'm fine it's all good i'm used to it thanks anytime ✋👍#everyonegoatyyi'm not even here my soul is long gone baby girl ,your hitting a cold brick wall ,bich i don't feel sh!t more like gueee slime but there you go ,this how we do up in this ho #goaty4lifei don't know why my crew love me ,that i will never know 🎃
i tried alcohol for the first time a few days ago and i've already been drunk twice since then.
i just drink by myself and listen to radiohead and elliott smith and cry.
i just don't want to be sober rn
hey.
as the title suggests i was diagnosed with depression/anxiety day before yesterday.
i originally sought help from a therapist because i thought that i was showing several symptoms of autism or asperger's syndrome.
while those two options aren't necessarily off the table, it took about three weeks of therapy for my therapist to determine that i was instead mostly suffering from intense anxiety and severe depression.
i don't entirely know about what variety or exact severity he thinks i'm afflicted with (we're going into more details on tuesday), but he linked me up with a psychiatrist who's going to get me on some medication in about three weeks.
i'm very nervous and reluctant, as i know a few people who have depression, but they had given up on treatment because nothing seems to work out for them.
however, i do have some hope because there are also a few people i know who've greatly benefited from taking medication and attending therapy (including my therapist himself).
i was also a bit surprised how much my therapist urged me to get rid of my handgun that i keep on the side of my bed.
i told him a few times that when i'm feeling extremely anxious or completely hopeless, i'll usually chamber a round and brandish the weapon with the safety off.
i complied and handed over my handgun to a trusted ex coworker yesterday, with very strict and specific instructions to not give it back to me unless i have explicit permission from either my mother or my best friend.
while i still have access to methods, the unreliability of the methods at hand greatly turn me off from seriously considering to attempt suicide.
ah, sorry for rambling.
what i'm really here for is advice.
the thoughts that i'm having and the emotions that i'm feeling have been with me for as long as i can remember.
is there anything extra i can do outside of therapy to boost my mood within a low moment?
of course, i'm looking to ask these specific questions when tuesday rolls around, but i'm open to different perspectives on the matter.
thank you all.
today my depression and overall sadness hit a new high.
had a panic attack this morning and started crying a bit ago.
i have so much stupid stuff going on in my head and i cant take it.
my relationship with my mom where sometimes i want to hang out with her like a normal mom, and sometimes i never want to see her again.
i hate it because its mothers day and i want to do something nice and say nice things, but i have so much more negative to say.
i tried writing her a letter and found 1 good thing to say.
ive also been thinking about how my dad's in rehab for the 4th time.
its hard to have faith when this person is your hero, your best friend, your reason to live.
hes always honest, he isnt some drugged out loser, he always knows what to do... until one day you catch him in a lie, then a few more, and each time he gives some excuse that could be legit, until you catch him in the act.
i also thought about myself.
i lack basic skills to survive in the real world.
im 18, i dont cook, i have very poor hygiene, poor social skills, im unnattractive, im both too scared and too lazy to get a job.
all i know how to do is play video games, because its all ive ever done, and now i play them all day because i have quite literally else to do.
im tired of this life.
not just my life but human life.
i dont want to get better, i dont want to live somewhere else, i dont want to change my thinking, i just want out.
i dont want to be a part of this earth any more.
i ruin everything that’s good for me.
i ruin all of my relationships because of one reason or another.
i’m mentally damaged.
i’m too much for people to handle.
i push them to their limits.
i say things without thinking when i’m angry, and then i hurt people.
i hate living with regret.
i hate knowing that it’s too late to fix things.
i hate knowing that i ruined everything and that it will never be the same ever again.
i’m tired of the pain.
i’m tired of crying my eyes out to the point where i feel like throwing up.
i want to run away and disappear forever.
i want the pain to go away.
no matter how hard i try, i just can’t seem to get over certain things, and i don’t want to live with this feeling anymore.
take my meds feel less depressed completely lose all sexual function, and that is the only form of intimacy where i get some return from my wife.
don't take my meds and realize that everything i do or say contributes to why my wife hates me.
lather rinse repeat.
(english is my second language so sorry if i made a mistake)i watch porn everyday to fap even though i don't have to do it i used to have good grades until i got addicted to the internet, i used to like doing sports and other exercises, now i'm just a fat-ass dude that is unemployed and just barely hanging on at school, i wish i can just go back in time and prevent my past self from discovering pornhub, and decide to keep doing exercises to be strong and not obese!
of all futures i can have why did god give me this worthless future to me i just wanna be my past self where i used to be successful and strong,  not like my current status, the only thing i can is waste my parents money for college and not actually graduate like all my friends why is life this hard to past everyday i just wanna live a normal life even just one minute of normal life can help me
if i am wrong then i am insane which i think makes me an even better candidate.
he's not coming.
why have they gathered around me?
they're fronting, they're not selling.
all my life i have been longing for harmony in my social life, for a partner that understands me, just someone who loves me the way i simply am.
i am 33 years now and never really had a relationship.
i can't count how often i have been rejected already.
almost always it is 'i don't want to risk our friendship, you are a  really cool dude' etc you know the drill.
i have been diagnosed with a severe depression when i was 17.i eventually through luck found a girl who liked me 6 years ago.
problem was she didn't live near me, thus eventually a long distance 'relationship' formed.
we talked all day, how nice we found each other etc.
then, out of the blue, one day her mother calls me crying, telling me that her daughter killed herself the day before.
you can't even imagine how much that threw me off.
there were no signs that she was suffering, she left no suicide note and to this day i still dont know why this person removed herself forcibly from my life.
my depression worsened and eventually (last year) it was so bad that i literally did  nothing for days.
not even getting food.
i didnt pay my rent and got thrown out of my apartment, making me a homeless person.
thanks to my mother i got put in a psyvh ward last september, (it was my 5th visit in such an institution).
they helped me get back atleast some money, helped me find a nice new flat of which i am very proud to have decorated.
it is very cozy.
i also met a girl there.
we instantly hit off, talked all day there.
she was only a few days there, could go home eventually.
i gathered all my courage and ask for her phone number, to my surprise she said she was about to ask the same.
she instantly messaged me back, invited me to her place, cooked something for me, introduced her family to me as well.
this continued over a month, long after i got out of the psych ward.
i fell in love with her right there.
the problem is, she is in a relationship.
fast forward to today, its still the loving atmosphere when she is here, everything is nice.
but i know its not genuine for some reason.
everytime i want to end the contact between us, i cant.
i wanted to do it again, yesterday.
she told me she loved me as well.
i would die for that woman, i would really do, but something tells me it was just to keep me on 'the leash' if you know what i mean.
i don't want to badmouth her in any way, but i dont know what to do.
my depression makes me think about her all day, i cant do anything about it.
shouldn't it feel good if someone tells those words to you?
to me it didn't.
i just feel so fucking lonely, i wish everything was true but in my heart i wish it isn't, and this destroy me.
i just want everything to be good.
i am sorry this turned into a long rant, it helped me atleast.
mother’s day is happening right as i post this and life just sucks and my birthday revolved around the same day.
other than my family none of my friends have said happy birthday or anyone i was expecting to has said it to me today.
i usually get a couple birthday wishes from some people but today just feels awful.
this isnt a post to just shit on mothers day but having a specific day to you be overshadowed by some other holiday is the worst feeling.
my expectations were really high almost a week ago and as the days went by my expectations just got lower and lower.
im at a conflicting point of just either waiting for someone to say something or even worse, being petty and yelling at my friends for not remember my birthday.
i just want a “happy birthday” from someone atleast.
(i’ve also been at a point of where i can tell whose liked more out of this friend group that i so wish a couple happy birthdays came from)
saturday night: another moment to think thoughts for myself.
fatigue kills, and confusion is here.
but i'm in my bed thinking.
and i knew how to think, decipher and understand.
but today and now it's like a heavy fog with no horizon.
it's hard for me to see beyond, it's hard for me to think deeply.
i feel superficial.
it's like a sea of ​​information with surging waves, and she comes closer and understands and the love grows.
but i am in confusion, from a moment of fear to love.
and i sink into thought.
hot here, feeling dry, as if like such smoke blocking the field of vision.
it's hard to live here, well, i know that.
but the main thing is at least i type my thoughts?
but i'm not in focus, diligence ceases, i feel dead slowly and the direction runs out.
i was flooded with a sea of ​​information, which everyone accepts.
but my muscles have stopped working.
i was inundated with advertisements, varied opinions, and the bundled troubles that await in every corner.
and it's hard here to understand, it's hard to absorb at all, there's no reason in the world to think, and no less.
i feel emptiness, but such real, empty of purpose but like something narrow, like empty music, like out-of-love love, and like environmental loneliness.
my self is extinct, and it feels lost to me.
how can i live in such a miserable world.
my inner self dominated, it was always there, hobby, after hobby.
and here i am lying alone like a liquid on floors, a small mistake of something that was broken into pieces.
and without displacement.
i knew, but i'm tired of knowing again.
my mind thought, and thoughts like nothing.
now it remains to be calm, rested and rested, to pass another day that comes suddenly, and to live in an obscure reality.
and the main thing is to understand or learn, the factory will continue to work.
i will live in it.
i will study it, and the main thing is to finish.
hope i'm still here, my self must not disappear from me.
it's scary.
i have good weeks and bad weeks.
when i'm in my bad weeks i start getting scared easily, when i'm in a good week i'm fine but then when i'm low suddenly.. i'm scared of the dark and start visualising potential monsters and shit in my head (not hallucinations or anything just really vivid imaginations).
i start getting paranoid that doors slamming outside are people coming to check on me, i've got a supportive family but my house is a mess during these low weeks and i don't wanna get judged.
i think my anxiety getting worse in these periods makes me more sensitive to noises because i hear my neighbors moving around and i start getting scared there's someone in my house.
i dunno if it's just the events anxiety making me overthink everything.
i was wondering if anyone else gets like this.
i haven't been with a psychiatrist for long and so far they've just said i've got 'emotional regulation problems', 'anxiety', 'depression' and 'disassociation problems'
every time i read posts in this subreddit.
i just feel like shit.
whoever you are, wherever you are, i want you to know that i wish i am there for you in the place that you are in.
i wish i could make you feel so special.
i wish i could make you feel happy.
i wish i could make you feel like home.
i'm sorry if life is shitty and reality is depressing.
i just hope you're okay and actually be in better days.
i don't know where to post this and i legit have no friends or family to speak with.
after attempting to take her to red lobster we got a flat tire and it made me snap.
currently just wanting to drink enough that i don't wake up.
the girl i was dating for a few years got pregnant a while back.
my son is 10 months.
she comes from nothing and i was an addict.
we were homeless for a bit after she got hooked too and things got bad.
she is stupid.
there's no nice way to say it.
either she is stupid or refuses to learn out of laziness.
once i found out she was pregnant i crawled half frozen oit of that tent and got to work.
i currently have 13 thousand in my bank account with 4 credit cards and two thousand.
in stocks i am saving for my son not to mention the 15 thousand nest egg i made sure she has in her account.. i also manage an apartment complex which helped get us our first legit apartment.
i feel that my girlfriend is depressed.
she doesn't clean.she does nothing to further our progress besides take care of my son while i am work.
which before yall blow a tampon i work in the same complex we live in.
i get to spend an hr in the morning and 430pm untill his bedtime and i change diapers,do laundry,work on our car,handle the finances i basically do everything.
she asks me to do these things.she weighs almost 350 pounds and orders food constantly and actually gets upset when she cant.
im always asked  to go out.
to do this.
to buy that.
i barely get any time to myself.
she says its just as bad for her but she can relax foe hours while he naps and i am there most of rhe time.
i think its depression that is holding us back from being what we could be.
i know this is almost like relationship advice but i am more worried about our mental health.
is it possible her being so horribly depressed and melancholy that it has stressed me out to where now i am depressed?.
i dont want to be one of those guys that snaps and beats his gf because he feels she is sucking the life oit of him.
its just so sad.
my son even had his lil suspenders on and everything.
if anything his is a vent post.
im going to have to put my foot down.
she has been in the mental hospital before and is too uneducated to fill out any court paperwork.
i feel like i am about 2 seconds from finding someone thats grateful.
hell half these girls would love the double 70 inch 4k tvs x box and a luxurious lifestyle compared to most.
they would have no problem taking care of my son especially at this age.
then just maybe then i could come home to a clean house a cooked meal and maybe fucking accomplishing something for herself for once.
im tired of being the ox pulling the cart and its destroying my mental health.
anyone else have someone so toxic it made your mental health worse?
i am emotionally flatlining due to paliperidone which i have to take to prevent me from getting psychotic.
i am wondering if anyone has been able to cure this effect to some degree without discontinuing the antipsychotic which caused the anhedonia
life is a trap.
my life is a joke.
i don't enjoy sex.
i never had a chance.
sorry i'm rhyming i just feel like this may help me for once-depression reddit.
people here often give the advice to stop hiding depression from friends and family, but it's not that simple.
i guess that they may care for like a few days, but i know for a fact that nobody wants to have a depressed friend in their friend group.
people often get so impatient with depressed people.
my parents have already become frustrated with a friend of theirs because of his depression.
i reckon just a few weeks after i tell them they will just become frustrated with me and that will only make my situation even worse.
so this'll be kind of long but i'd like outside advice.
here are some  thing's about me, i've always either slept for like 12+ hours a day or haven't slept till like 7-8 a.m.
and then slept about a couple hours (maybe 4 or less).
most of my hobbies i've dropped, maybe picked up later and have dropped again.
also i take up multiple hobbies like playing guitar, drawing, animating, writing, etc.
cause my hobbies like i said before get boring.
relationship wise is as you'd expect, kind of crap.
school wise i'd say is normal like most people until i get stressed then things drop.
medically along with being diagnosed with adhd, add, ocd, insomnia, compulsive sexual disorder i'm also diagnosed with major depressive disorder.
my blood pressure and anxiety is another thing, my anxiety is off the charts especially at my age (24) cause i'd be more considered an inside person than an outside person who nearly breaks down just thinking about starting conversations with new people, especially girls and conversation wise i'm the worst unless i am friends with them.
nothing i think pill wise has worked for me and therapy to me is something i don't really want nor can pay for.
how would you try to help yourselves if you were/are in this situation?
my feelings of my depression have always been something i hate bringing up cause i feel mentally and emotionally i'm something i wouldn't want to lay out to someone, even my family, cause they probably don't have that time so people on here that pass by on here can choose whether or not they want to invest some brain in this.
sorry this seems more like me laying out my history instead of the actual question but like i said you can choose if you want to invest in reading and saying something.
i don’t feel many emotions or empathy, unless i force them but it feels like i’m faking it when i do, to convince my self i’m not as broken down as i actually am.
just have this feeling of bleak nothingness most of the time.
i’m so numb that i question if i’m even depressed anymore but i clearly am because normal people don’t feel nothing most of the time.
so far gone and only 22.
i think i’ve known for a while that i would, but today i said it out loud to myself and i felt nothing and i knew i had just accepted it.
i’m not going to do it today, or soon.
i promised my mom i’d at least live til graduation but some time after i’m going to do it.
i’m going to shoot myself in the head.
i figure that’s probably the quickest and most painless way to go.
i don’t really have much else to say besides that.
i haven’t told anyone i know, but i’ve been dealing with depression for about as long as i can remember and these last five months have been the worst points of my life so far, so i doubt it will be completely unexpected by most people i know.
the idea of mental disorders needing to be "fixed" idk it just doesn't sit right with me.
is this just me?
i felt it coming for a couple of days now.
i had a good week or so, did my chores and even some hobbies, and now i feel like nothing again.
my friend says i'm lonely but being around people is just draining me.
i remember it used to be fun and exciting.
now i'm not sure when was the last time i actually felt comfortable or had a real laugh.
the worst part is this is what the rest of my life will look like.
i've been doing this for a while in so many different places and it's always the same.
i guess i'll just listen to my therapist and start taking pills, and be another grey screen moving around with the rest of them until  someone do me the favor of killing me.
fuck life.
fuck people.
fuck god.
hey,a little background about me i am a 24f and my relationship with my dad is not the best.
for all of my life my dad has been working so when i was younger i didn’t see him much because he would say he was always working.
sometimes he would tell me he would see me on the weekends but never show up.
when i did see him it was only for a few hours then he would leave.
i don’t know much about his side of the family i don’t know where he lives i don’t know his mom or dad.
a lot of information i’m missing and it’s like the half of me is missing.
this also is causing issues when it comes to me dating or having men in my life.
most of them are just like him in some ways.
but i’ve told my therapist about how i don’t know much about him like his family where he lives where he is from etc.. my therapist always tells me i should reach out to him and ask him these things.
i was supposed to do that today but i just could t bring myself to asking him.
i don’t even know how to do it.
i know this is weird but i don’t really know him so it gives me anxiety whenever i have to talk to him.
it’s taking me a very long time to go forth with having this conversation with him it’s not easy and i’m just so overwhelmed with this.
it’s frustrating.
my next session with my therapist is monday and i’m afraid to tell my therapist i still can’t bring myself to ask him.
it’s kind of embarrassing for me too because i’m older now and i still struggle with this.
my friend told me 3 weeks ago he might have depression and no time for me the next weekends.
he knows i have no other friends to meet.
but i thought i will understand it and not stress him.
now i have heard he did a party with other people the whole weekend.
and i asked before whether he has time for whatever.
serious question by me.
is this some kind of depression or is my friend just not interested in me?
or doesn't he want me at his party for whatever reason?
i don't know much about depression.
i have other mental problems in life.
but it feels hard for me to understand this situation.
can anyone tell me anything about it?
i’m scared to try to actively work and get out of my hermit lifestyle due to my depression.
the past few months the only thing i commit to is going to work, i’ll skip meals, showers, not speak to people, because honestly it’s just too much to deal with, i do want to get better to the point were getting up making myself a meal , hygiene isn’t so damn tiring .
the past year honestly just feels like a blur of me going to work and coming home to get a straight to bed, n getting high.
i realized i’m wasting away and it’s a little scary.
it’s just that my isolation and depression has become my comfort my safe space, has anyone else ever felt like this?
hello everyone, i write this today seeking advice and hoping that one of you lovely people could point me in the right direction.
so to set it up i’ve had some mental issues for a while.
going all the way back to high school i have self-worth/confidence issues.
last year around this time i moved four hrs from home to pursue a career as an air traffic controller.
i am currently two semesters in and i absolutely love it.
when i moved i either developed or noticed that i have bed(binge eating disorder).
i never saw someone professionally about bed and i will still occasionally have episodes.
the bed doesn’t bother me that much because i can counteract it by going on runs and hitting the gym often.
over the past 2-3 months i have been experiencing some symptoms of depression along with the bed.
this weekend i haven’t left my house and haven’t touched the dishes.
there’s also a list of things that need to be done that i havent touched.
i think i’m in the worst mental state i’ve ever been in.
with that being said, i know the correct course of action.
go seek professional help and talk to someone about this.
i am reluctant to do so though because if diagnosed with any mental disorders my career as an air traffic controller will be finished, i would have wasted over 100,000$ of my parents and grandparents money and i feel like i would let my family down since they scarificed so much to put me in this position in the first place.
any advice on my situation would be very much apppreactied.
have a wonderful rest of your day!
i was playing royale high (yes, i do like roblox) and saw in the chat, someone roleplaying being depressed.i said "hey, please don't do that.its triggering to me."
and i explained that roleplaying as being depressed is rude to actual depressed people.she said "its just a roleplay, don't be so rude" and i said that even if its a roleplay, you shouldn't be doing it.she then role-played cutting herself.i hate these people.they're just so insensitive to actually depressed [people.it]( does not make you quirky or cool, it absolutely sucks.i got it at 8 and  began being suicidal at 9 because of my babysitter.anyone who does this, please [stop.you]( being extremely rude .
does anyone have any tips on finding interests again?
the most prevalent features of my depression are anhedonia and apathy.
and i just feel no joy/pleasure/excitement from anything.
my therapist told me to try groupon...
tl;dr: the us healthcare system is broken and i want to try to change it, but i need your help.
tw: suicide hello all.
i am new to this sub, but not to chronic pain.
this past friday i learned that i lost a dear friend to trigeminal neuralgia and cluster headaches.
he held on for as long as he could, but with no sign of relief on the horizon he couldn’t hold on any longer.
i recently learned about ketamine infusions and how life changing they can be, i also learned how they are not an option to so many due to costs.
while processing my grief on friday i decided to try to change the world.
which is funny coming from the girl who is terrified of walking into a room of strangers and being the center of attention, now suddenly i have decided i want the whole world to look at me and know mine and other chronic pain patients struggles.
i am working on creating a social media campaign to fight back against big pharma and the pain clinics that rake in money hands over fist for a drug that is basically pennies compared to the fees they charge.
on the day these pages go live i will need all of the help i can get to share the post to get it trending so it is not just scrolled past.
i know like many others i have contemplated suicide to make the pain end and i want to end that.
no one should feel that is their only option left.
right now my main goal is to get ketamine infusions indicated as a treatment for chronic pain, ptsd and depression to make it more affordable-but if these takes off other things like diabetes can be added.
ok not actually but it really fucking feels that way.
i can’t cope with “normal” people complaining about how covid has effected them in ways that us depressed people have been feeling everyday for years.
we can’t catch a fucking break.
i wasted my final years of uni stuck at home, plans to make new friends and socialise fucking gone (ironically loneliness was the catalyst for my depression so that’s just fantastic), infinitely harder to maintain friendships which is already hard for me, finally got a stable job and couldn’t even be paid for months, gym was closed... it’s like the world wants us to kill ourselves.
every fucking positive change i wanted to make in 2020 was just thrown out the window.
somehow in 2021 it is getting even worse for me ...everything feels impossible now and i am losing so much time i will never get back.
i can’t take it anymore i am losing my fucking mind
has anyone ever talked to your significant other about their depression?
should i just keep it a secret and not tell him?
sometimes, there’s days where i feel bad, because he sense that something is off.
but i don’t want to burden him anymore.
i don’t want him to know what’s going on in my family life.
i feel like a failure with my job, how my family is not normal, and how i am just average looking and slowly gaining weight.
i rather just have him find someone else.
there’s a lot of stuff going through my head right now.
that i can’t say right now.
but i know he deserves better, and i can’t give him that.
i know he loves me, but i just can’t give moreright now.
has anyone ever been through this before?
and how did you cope?
depression and anxiety are so bad for me at this point finding work seems impossible… my dad even former therapist basically forced me to start working with a organization that helps people that are depressed or have disabilities find jobs but even they said it’s not good for me, i’m 21 and i’m afraid of what’s next.. luckily i’m with my parents still but they want me out eventually and they both seem to forget i have these issues and constantly force me to do things and constantly are saying “we gotta move forward we can’t just do nothing “ and i fucking hate it, i hate it so much it drives me insane then at times they threaten me with going to a psych ward and from what i’ve heard those places should be illegal.
i don’t want to be homeless and alone i rather much just die… i don’t know where i could go…
at this point i'm writing i feel like i'm not that bad.
things are not like i'd like them to be but i've been convinced by my psychologist, the few friends i've got, some internet stuff and part of myself that all can be worst and all can be better.
but, how much do i have to wait?
i guess it's correlative with the work i put on things to be better, but i've got the deep and sad feeling that i will spend the rest of my life worried, anxious, always working, always alone and always trying instead of just having fun and being happy.
i know happiness is not a perpetual state, i only want to really enjoy this short life that is been gave to humans just for an instance.
i'm patience, time just looks so short.
i feel i'm getting older and not achieving things and living is starting to  be boring mixed with sad.
i lost my mom to cancer a few years ago.
she was incredibly close to me, my wife, and kids.
i still observe the holiday for the sake of my wife and kids but it's so damn hard to get into it, or plan for it, or make the day extra special for my wife.
we still got her a card, flowers, and a thoughtful gift.
we cooked her favorite brunch, and don't expect her to do anything she doesn't want to.
she said it was more than enough, but it's not nearly the celebration we used to have.
i feel really depressed today.
my mom was way too young to die (62).
i kinda want to go to the cemetery but i hate cemeteries.
also it's cold and rainy where i live.
i also don't like to cry.
i wish i could get on with my day and do the things i have to do, but i feel glued to my chair.
for anyone else suffering this mother's day because your mom is gone, or far away, or an asshole, please know i feel for you.
this is a rough day.
i need an easy way out, jumping off of buildings or bridges isn’t good enough.
i want a quick way out ... i can’t handle life anymore, i’m sick of everything and myself.
i wish everyday for the universe to kill me, for a bus to knock me down ect... i want to die
hey everyone.
i’m writing this on mother’s day so happy mother’s day to all the mommas!
before i share my story i want to warn some people that it is very disturbing, and violent so if you have a weak heart or underage don’t read.
growing up i was very shy, i later realized it was social anxiety; but was always very polite and sweet.
the abuse started when i was 4, my cousin was around 14 at the time and he always touched me in weird ways.
he would ask me if i felt good.
i felt uncomfortable but he started to tell me that he loves me and not to tell anyone or else they would hurt me.
it escalated and he and his brother and their friends would touch me.
sometimes they would put their finger in me so hard that i would cry and they would hold my mouth, tell me they were sorry and give me a lollipop.
i’m not sure how but eventually the parents found out.
they cried and held me and told my mother, somehow my older brother heard and got into a huge fight with our cousin which resulted to police coming over.
never seen each spoke to that family again.
i would like to say that is the end of that but 5 more of my relatives abused me repeatedly from age 4-13. i ended up telling my brother because i trusted him and he asked me how they touched me and ended up doing the same when mom i want around.
my brother is 8 years older then me and eventually 4 of his friends started to touch me and hurt me as well.
they would say “i heard your brother put his finger inside, did you like it”.
they would touch me behind his back and infront of him.
he didn’t care about me.
this part is the worst.
when i was 11 i was walking home from school and was passing one of my brothers friends house.
he seen me and told me that he wanted to show me something so i went inside.
he told me to get on the bed and lay down.
touched me a little bit and actually put his private part in slowly.
i screamed and started to cry and his mom was just coming in and i will never forget the face of shock she had.
she started screaming, crying and hitting him.
she called him disgusting and told me she was so sorry.
she asked me if i could keep this a secret and ofc i said yes.
they believed me because i never spoke.
i could go on for days about how many times i’ve been touched.
i tried to kill myself i prayed to god to make an accident happen to me.
i’m 25 years old with no relationship to my family, i know they remember and they don’t want to see me.
around 30 people have hurt me when i was a kid and my mother has never actually talked to me about it.
mothers, fathers, caregivers please be careful because you never know who to trust.
watch out for the signs because i’m 25 and i still shake, i’m still scared and i do remember.
i don’t wish this feeling on anyone but i finally opened up to my boyfriend and it felt good to tell someone.
i will confront them one day.
i lost everythingi made an unforgivable mistake and lost every single friend i’ve ever had in my life.
i’m living in my car.
i have no family.
i have nobody to turn to anymore and i’m just so lost.
i miss my best friend so much.
i honestly just don’t know what to do.
i’ve been lonely and miserable before but this is an all time low.
i’m truly all alone in a world so big.
i want my life back.
i want my best friend back.
loved her to death.
i sound like a broken record but i just don’t have anyone to talk to anymore so i’m just trying to write out all my feelings here.
my life will truly never be the same and i’m to blame.
but i do truly hope she’s happier with me gone.
all i ever wanted was for her to be happy so at least there’s that.
still truly heart broken and shattered.
i’m back on back habits i’m smoking cigarettes again.
i’m not eating.
i’m not sleeping.
and i honestly don’t know how to find motivation to keep trying.
what am i trying for?
i’ve lost everything.
last summer i was diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder, and i went to therapy for months until i got better.
but lately i've been feeling hopeless, it's hard for me to do things that would normally be simple, like brushing my teeth or reading a book.
sometimes i'll be happy, but whenever i'm not having a great time, i feel sad and alone.
i don't want to make assumptions because i feel like i'm always wrong and that everyone will think i'm out for attention, but i don't want to have to constantly hurt anymore.
i only eat when i'm very hungry or when someone makes me eat, and i eat a minimal amount even then.
i used to enjoy things a long time ago, but now i barely want to draw anymore, the one thing that let me escape from my life for a while.
i need to go so i'll maybe update this later, goodbye.
does anyone else, after a crying fit, go into the bathroom to wash their face and look in the mirror and start crying harder?
nope?
just me?
coolio.
people think i’m some kind of freak because i simply expressed the pain that was inside of me.
i’ve been bullied all my life, seen as an outsider, material things didn’t bring me joy and my looks only made people question where i was from or think i was a criminal.
but no one understands, doesn’t surprise me when most of the users on here go to incels without hate.
i’m sick of this.
so i’m 19(m).
i’ve never had any problems with erections throughout my entire life.
just thinking about women or sex was enough to make me hard.
that is, until 2 weeks agoafter a depressive episode, i began noticing that i wasn’t as hard anymore when masturbating ( i’ve been doing it twice or thrice a week since i was 13).
my semen began to be watery too.
at first i thought that it was just due to depression and the side effects of fasting but after it didn’t go away for a week, i began slumping into another depressive time.
even after feeling a bit better these days, i haven’t regained my ability to have erections easily.
i can still get hard very quick when it comes to masturbating but the thought of forever being impotent and losing one of life’s greatest joys is just... it’s honestly heartbreaking for me.
i never thought i’d get it, especially at such a young age
i already know my life isn't going anywhere so what's the point?
i'll never find love, i'll never find anything that fulfils me.
i want to die but i'm too scared.
when they think of depression, they thought that i was simply sad when in fact, i am not sad and i'm not in denial.
it's just that i want to die so badly because i feel like everything is worthless.
i have no motivation, i don't have plans for the future, i just want to die but at the same time i'm scared.
what if i don't die and end up disabled?
my sister said that they are trying their everything to cure me.
the fact that i'm still like this, disappoints them because i am still "not cured".
and that there must be something wrong with me that i'm not trying my best.
i "am" trying my best.
it's just that depression can't be cured.
i might look like i'm happy but deep down, i am not.
i'm afraid they will think that i am just faking because i'm open to them about it.
i couldn't help it.
it was too much for me to bear so i called out to them.
now i'm regretting it.
i wish i just kept it to myself so that they wouldn't be burdened.
i could feel that they are burdened by me.
that's what they're making me feel.
they think i'm faking it because i have no reason to be sad.... yes,.i have no reason to be sad but there's so denying that i keep on thinking of dying every single day.
she makes it sound so easy that "when she is depressed, she just convince herself not to be depressed".
how does that work?
i don't know.
maybe i'm not depressed because i am not helping myself just like they said?
please help me i need someone who understands me.
i don't even know if i really have depression anymore.
i had a breakdown today and because of me, my mom doesn't feel well today because of me.
i just wanna die so bad so bad.
hello everyone i dont really get if im depressed or not i dont feel joy or happiness or a shock anymore i used to be a lot emotional i think but now i just feel anger i dont really understand whats happening i feel like just a wooden doll
all i feel right now is my body saying kill yourself kill yourself kill yourself kill yourself.
i feel pain in my head and body.
i'm too depressed for life.
i'll be a virgin forever intentionally cus i can't even attract anyone due to depression or have sex because depression killed most my sex drive.
i am fucking tired of this hell hole life.
i fucking hate it.
i'm so angry right now i was looking for my boxing gloves to go kill the boxing bag but i work out too much already im so sore.
life is cruel asf.
some are born with big dicks , good looking non mentally ill.
meanwhile i get the shit side of the coin.
atleast when i die ill be more appreciative of death than life
i want a friend who has experience with depression (who is age 20+ sorry), and can talk with me deep discussion and not hesitate to open often negative topics.
my english is okay since i’m non native but i’m pretty sure it wouldn’t be much of an issue.
i’ve had depression(tho not clinically diagnosed due to underdeveloped medical care and mental awareness in my country)for over a decade now.
attempt suicide and hospitalization twice.
i’ve had toxic parents who were the main causes that led me to this state b it they are what’s called “tricky family” and their narcissism doesn’t show in public, making it extremely difficult for me to receive by understanding or empathy from others.
anyway pls text to me.
i’m new on reddit but i look forward to talking to you.
i feel like i’ve reached the end of the line.
the one person i’ve trusted to talk about my mental health to isn’t there for me anymore.
he said that since i’ve said i wanted to kill myself multiple times but haven’t done it, he’s numb to it and doesn’t affect him anymore.
i’ve attempted before, have gotten hospitalized, been to therapy, the whole nine yards.
i don’t want to be a burden on anyone.
i already feel worthless and like i’m getting nowhere in life, and him saying that made me feel like i should just do it, and not hesitate about how it could affect the people in my life afterwards.
that’s what always makes me change my mind in the end.
maybe i’ll see my own funeral, i’ll see the people i cared about get as depressed as i was, then maybe even commit themselves.
but the one person i thought cared about me the most saying that, maybe it’s time to stop backing out.
i always let work pile up for weeks and i be like : "i will do it tomorrow" but i never do it so it go on and on and i do it on the last minute bc i rely on that motivation rush when you have important things to do really fast.
the problem is the motivation rush almost never work, and i know it (but for some reason i still don't do anything to help) and it's what happening at this very moment : i have a whole month of home work to do for tommorow 8 am (it's 5:30pm) the motivation is non existant, i just want to end my life here and now.
what can i do to help this?
i'm pretending to be interested in religion and spirituality, and trying to convince a mormon church to accept me.
been talking to missionaries, and as a new member of a church, you get love bombed.
it feels nice to feel like there are other human beings interested in my sad existence, even if it is because they think they are converting me.
i'm appreciative of the love and positive vibes in an otherwise dark world i live in.
i wonder how long before the love bombing ends or they figure out i am not all in on the religion though.
i just need a community, a friend, and some positive vibes in my life....if i can't have friends via normal means, i may as well have church folks be interested and nice to me.
for those who don't want a period, my doc told me i can get nexplanon (birth control inserted into your arm) or take birth control pills 💊 and skip the placebo week to never have periods again.
doc also said it is okay to not have periods, will not harm you to not have periods.
why have i never herd of this before?
i have pmdd, do you know how much pain and depression i could have avoided if i started doing this 10 or 15 years ago.
i’m so fucking tired of fighting.
i’m so fucking tired of trying.
everything i do is to try to improve the quality of my life and i have nothing to show for it because i’m constantly falling victim to capitalism, shitty fucking people, or my own worthless shit sack that’s supposed to be a brain.
if it wasn’t for my dog and my boyfriend i would kill myself.
nothing i ever do is good enough.
i try to make things work and i’m constantly stuck around self centered ass people and i can’t fucking escape it because i don’t have the money to.
and i can’t get more money because i am fucking disabled!
and even if i could the majority of jobs that pay a living wage pay you in exchange for your life practically.
awesome!
love it!
cant wait to fucking die!
a mother is someone who birthed you.
a mom is someone who was there for you and raised you.
for me, my mom was my grandmother, my grammy.
she passed away in at the end of january.
i thought i would be okay by now.
but i'm crying everyday.
blaming myself for not being there.
the last night i left the hospital i stood in the doorway for a long time.
i stood in front of the elevator for a long time.
i sat in my car.
i didn't want to leave.
the next day, i couldn't go back because someone in my house had covid.
my grammy had finally become more lucid.
she was finally talking and called to ask when i'd be there.
the next week she slipped away.
she wouldn't answer the phone and the nurses were never available to put her on.
why didn't i call more?
why didn't i become more stubborn and wait until they were available??
i woke up crying on the 21st of january.
i had a dream that she was gone.
i got a call from a doctor less than an hour later and she was dying.
they were reviving her, more than once.
i managed to get ahold of my mother so she could be with her.
but i was trapped.
i wanted to be with my mom, but i was trapped.
i've been crying everyday since.
yesterday was the first time i had cried at work.
all the mothers' day stuff.
all the happiness.
i was alone in the shop for a while and was sobbing between customers.
i woke up today and was crying.
i'm supposed to be at work in 30 minutes and i'm sobbing.
i wasn't supposed to go in until evening today, but the schedule suddenly changed and i have literally no one to take my place.
we only have a few employees and they all had morning shifts.
i don't want to work today.
i want to go to the church and talk to my grammy.
i want to cry and tell her i love her.
i have been betrayed many times in my life.
it’s always the ones you let close to you and that’s what makes it hurt the most.
when i was younger i used to see my dad abuse my mom.
i used to tremble in my covers when they would fight.
that’s when depression was introduced.
before i was 10 i began thinking about killing myself.
i found my mom when she overdosed on pills because she suspected my dad was cheating on her.she survived because i found her.
later my dad admitted to me that he was cheating.
so her assumption was right.ever since i have hated this life and world that i was given.
there are so much more deserving people to be alive than me.
first betrayal was this girl in my neighborhood that i liked then eventually loved more than anything.
after some years bf/gf she moved across town.
that’s where it went bad.
she was at a different school and met new friends.
she started talking to a friend and eventually cheated on me with him.
she ripped my heart out and stomped on it.
so me being dumb convinced her to stay with me and try to have a baby.
we were in our teens still in high school.
so it was not a smart choice.
luckily she didn’t get pregnant.
i ended up walking away with no feeling for her.
she eventually regretted what she had done and begged me to take her back.
i didn’t.
i went out with three more girls after.
but not getting to close to them.
i was young and good looking.
i had confidence.
i started my first job when i was sixteen and a year later seen this beautiful girl at the time clock.
i will never forget that moment.
her smile would instantly bring happiness to anyone she smiled at.
but she had a boyfriend but i still wished she was mine.
i didn’t have confidence then and became introverted.
i would never have courage to talk to her.
she eventually broke up with her boyfriend and was dating a lot.
my friend told her i wanted to talk to her.
so she approached me and we starting talking.
this made me happy.
but i still had scars from the first betrayal so i kept my distance.
we started being bf/gf.
she was the best thing to happen to me.
this gorgeous girl was interested in me.
it was unbelievable.
so after a few months i get a call from one of her friends and he says that she’s riding around with him to trying to hook up with his friend.
this friend is the guy that my previous girlfriend cheated on me with.
so i learned my lesson and called her at work.
told her i wanted to break up because i wasn’t going to be hurt like that again.
she rushed to my house and convinced me not to break up with her.
that should of been it if i stuck to my original thought of just breaking up with her.
there was other instances that made me doubt her being faithful to me but i just brushed it  because  she was so beautiful and wanted to be with me.
so we were together 3 years then got married in 2000. those three years were filled with suspicion of her cheating.
so the next three years i still had suspicions.
i got so distraught with the thought of it that i bought some sleeping pills to make me sleep and not waking up.
i didn’t want to feel that pain again.
but we got through it.
after three years of marriage she wanted a baby but i was reluctant because i didn’t know if this was going to last.
i was real depressed then and didn’t want to be here anymore.
well she got pregnant and we had my son which gave me new reason to live.
i couldn’t leave him fatherless.he is the first good thing in my life.
my first born.
my first unconditional love.
my son.
so three more years go by and i having suspicions of her again.
so like the first betrayal i decided let’s have another baby.
thinking it would make things better.
so we had my daughter which was another great thing to happen in my life.
she is my princess.
always will be.
so our relationship improved.
the next 12 years were filled with ups and down.
suspicions were always there from beginning.
so in 2018 she moves to a different work location and we are no longer working in same building.
has new friends who are not so loyal to their husbands.
but to me she isn’t like them so why have friends like that.
so she goes on a trip with them and things with never be the same.
before the trip she was constantly on snap.
a lot of guys were on her snap.
so she came back from her trip and i just feel like something is not right.
so four days after trip i noticed she was snapping some guy.
she tried to tell me it was nothing.
i got mad and told her to delete the app.
she wouldn’t do it.
day later she comes and show me that she deleted him.
but i knew better.
so days later we are drinking having a good time.
i bought her roses.
the whole time she snapping right next to me.
so after having a good time she goes to take a shower.
i pick up her phone and it auto fills her password on snap.
i seen she had someone name as “my baby”.
it instantly made me crumble.
i couldn’t believe it.
i asked her about it and she had a o shit face.
she said it was nobody.
i flipped and told her i was leaving her.
she was pleading for me not to leave her.
i took off and was driving after taking out a bottle of tequila.
i wanted to kill myself.this was the ultimate betrayal.
so i went back home.
she was trying to sweet talk me and tell me it was nothing.
but how can you call someone my baby and it’s nothing.
so next day i just can’t handle it and take bottle of sleeping pills.
so i get put in a mental hospital for a week.
she visits and says she hasn’t been on snap.
i was at peace in there.
no thoughts.
no worries.
so i get out and find out she has been on snap.
this is third lie.
so she makes me go to a therapist to work on me.
because it’s my fault she was talking to another guy.
so i clamped down.
no more hanging out with those immoral friends.
no more snap.
she does it.
the last four years i am on edge.
worrying about her doing this again.
i am not at peace.
so i see different things that don’t look right.
i ask her and she has explanation but no proof of what she was doing.
so presently i noticed she gets a lot of texts and calls from a guy at work.
i ask her and she says he just a friend that’s needing help.
but all these calls are when i am not with her.
so i suspect it’s something else.
i text guy and ask him and he says it’s nothing.
it stopped so i thought.
then found wife has a another phone that she’s been using to talk to him.
i catch her in more lies.
she won’t admit it.
i have proof and she still won’t admit it.
after almost  24 year together this is how it ends.
with lies and deceit.
i am hurt.betrayed.
devastated.crushed.
that she did this to me.
i again am wanting not to be here anymore.
i really was going to kill myself yesterday to rid of this pain.
my son found me in tears.
i told him i wanted to die.
he said i couldn’t because he would do the same.
i promised i wouldn’t hurt myself.
the thought has always been there.
this life i was given has been hell.
the girl i met 23 years is someone else.
i just don’t understand it.
her straight face lies.
this is my depression and my sorrow.
if you read all this i thank you.
this is my story,my pain and my heart bleeding out with all these words.
my love for her has now turned to hate!!
seriously, i got so tired of this.
to me, this seems like one of the worst questions to ask someone who is struggling with mental ilnesses.
how many people will actually say ,,no, i’m not okay”?
everytime someone asks me this, i just say ,,yeah, i’m fine” even though in that moment i’m thinking of killing myself.
i heard this question so many times i’m getting sick of it.
and the worst part is that those that ask this are the ones that know you are not okay in the moment they’re asking you.
hello, a non native to english.
been depressed for over a decade now due to toxic parents.
i’ve left them five years ago for good but i still have this hollowness inside.
i need friends.
the world slowed down with covid and the shutdown.
i was feeling bad before it.
but the slowdown made it feel like i could breathe again, and i started to feel better.
i like this new reality where people can't see my facial expressions behind a mask or not meeting in person so i can pretend i am attending something i have to attend but don't have the energy to do so.
i can't go back to normal life.
please don't lift the restrictions, i was finally regaining my mental health back, sorta.
been trying to find the person for me, but sadly no luck.
courted a girl for 2 years, and in those 2 years she got back together with her ex, and when they broke apart, i was there for her.
but all of my effort wasted, for nothing.
i gave my best for her, i even started to write stories cause she loves reading.
made songs for her even though my voice is sub-average.
took time to really try hard in school just so that i can help her whenever she had a hard time with something.
even after all that, she still chose the guy who cheated on her, the guy who broke her heart several times.
i can't explain how degrading for me that is, and how hard it was for me to accept.
guess i'll be walking alone again
i think the title sums it up.
i’ve had dysthymia for probable twenty years at this point (diagnosed ten years ago).
i go through the motions of life, even received a graduate degree while still functionally depressed.
but life isn’t very pleasant.
i’m not going to commit suicide but if i caught a terminal disease i’d likely shrug.
life just seems harder for me than the people around me.
i have to psyche myself every morning to get out of bed, but i rarely miss work.
i get on a good role for a few days or a week then my mood flatlines.
and it’s back to square one.
my doctor put in a referral to see a psychiatrist more than a year ago.
they offered me a few counselling sessions and then covid happened.
i’ve been privately paying for a counsellor for six months now.
i have been seeing counsellors on and off for fifteen years and haven’t made much improvement.
but i get up and go to work most every day.
i want to see a psychiatrist rather than another counsellor, but i can’t make anyone take me seriously.
i have no hope that life will get better.
i haven’t had enough energy to date in fifteen years.
i don’t own a home of my one because i’ve had interruptions on my employment due to bad years and i’m a single mom to a nearly adult/live in an expensive place.
basically i’ve reached my forties without hitting most life goals.
and i have had a hedonic for decades which makes life itself a chore.
thanks for listening to my whine.
i doubt anyone will read this.
but i want to just vent.
i need to vent.
this is long.
which is why i know nobody will read it.
iti was always struggling with anxiety.
i was quiet.
the weird kid.
i realise now it was anxiety.
later i gained depression as well.
in 2000 my nan died.
i was very young.
just nine years old.
she died of cancer.
she was misdiagnosed and they thought it was gall stones.
nope.
cancer.
she died in her 60's.
i loved her to bits.
i still do, actually.
i miss her.
that was the first loss i had.
growing up i was bullied a lot.
i'm skinny, so naturally was a target for bullies.
i was slapped.
punched.
called names like "anorexic", "gollum" ... i'd accidentally brush past people in the school corridors and they'd say "ew it touched you!".
school sucked.
i had a best friend who would bully me and steal my food.
when i was in high-school my bedroom caught fire.
my brother and i had been arguing about something - at the time our relationship wasn't the best - and i stormed outside.
it was a good job i did, because not long after my brother came running outside saying there was a fire.
i lost most of my teddies, clothes, bed, belongings, and my little pet hamster.
i got a boyfriend.
and then that boyfriend decided to assault someone with a hammer and then reveal he was on the run from the police.
excellent.
i left school with shredded self-esteem and no self-confidence.
we were in trouble as a family with bailiffs.
my dad borrowed money off someone who may or may not have been a loan shark just to make ends meet.
eventually he fell behind payments.
we had people coming into the house taking down the value of all of our items in case my dad couldn't pay and they had to repossess things.
i found letters growing up - accidentally while looking for other things - that were summoning my dad to court for rent arrears.
my mum was an emotional wreck.
she had terrifying tempers and threatened us with violence.
she'd smash things.
throw things.
shout at us.
blame my dad that everything went wrong.
take off her wedding ring and throw it across the room.
when i went into uni things were ok-ish.
i graduated with a bsc.
i went on a date with another ex from school.
he wanted sex.
he tried to do "things" with me, but couldn't get turned on.
he broke up with me afterwards.
after uni i didn't get the job i wanted.
signed on jobseekers.
my brother moved away to scotland to live with his then-girlfriend.
my dad worked late nights.
my mum was absorbed with her computer.
i was essentially alone.
i was on minimum wage and couldn't move out because i couldn't afford it.
my granddad died, which was a horrible experience for several reasons.
for the obvious, and also because he hated my dad.
and in turn most of the family on my mum's side hated us too.
we were made to feel like we weren't welcome at the funeral.
while all my cousins rode behind the hearse, we were stuck in a hire car trying to find somewhere to park.
by the time we got to the church the service was over.
i still didn't find a job i really wanted.
and when i was stuck in a call-centre job, i came home one night and my mum told me we were moving.
we'd been evicted.
i remember one night my dad went out to get drunk.
he came home and broke down entirely, crying onto my shoulder.
i remember he also reached out for my mum - she pushed him away.
i was left to comfort him.
he'd done all he could to stop our family being evicted.
he'd worked so damn hard.
and it happened.
my mum didn't comfort him because he was drunk.
but i know he was just lost.
i just comforted him.
and i admit i broke down too.
we didn't have long to clear the house, so as a result a lot of our childhood memories were left behind.
that last night was so surreal when we went there for the last time to leave the keys.
we moved into a place run by a dodgy landlord.
it had been an illegal hmo - house of multiple occupancy - which meant it previously had a lot of families living there.
they all moved out before we got there, so we were the only family living there.
but the landlord was a family friend who saved us from being homeless.
it was a shithole.
cigarette butts everywhere.
chewing gum stuck to walls.
a cellar still full of all their old junk.
the roof leaked when it rained.
i went to the doctors and was put on anti-depressants for the first time, but they made me feel so ill i just stopped taking them.
i moved on from the call centre job.
but honestly, i was so miserable at that point, that i spent way too much time drinking.
i'd isolate myself in my room.
my mum would joke she never saw anything of me.
and it was true.
i gave up trying to socialise with her when all she did was stare at her computer all night.
so i just stayed alone.
eventually my brother got a new girlfriend.
he actually asked me to move in with him - in scotland - just to see if i could settle and get a job etc.
so i agreed.
it was great.
we'd hang out, laugh, sometimes drink a little too much, but it was good.
we're good friends so it was nice to finally have some release.
after several months i got a job and enough money to make my own way.
i was finally able to bring my dog up from down south to live with me.
which was awesome.
of course, things went wrong again.
i was in a job where i now realise my manager wanted rid of me but didn't have any real reason to sack me.
so, he palmed me off with a store transfer, promising me more hours and a solid schedule.
of course, the manager at the other store had no idea about the full-time hours and set rota.
he was furious at my old manager.
i went for a walk with my dog one night and was just so overwhelmed.
i stood by a sea wall considering jumping.
i was making a plan for how best to ensure my dog got to safety.
he jumped up, put his front paws on the wall, and gave me a look which said: "don't you dare, human".
i sat down on a bench and cried into his neck-fluff.
i quit and got a job at the same shop my brother worked at (same company but different location), but when they sacked my brother over bogus claims i too eventually quit (i got on well with the people, but it felt wrong working under someone who had sacked my brother over something that was bs).
and anyway.
i wanted a better paying job.
my niece was born.
i drove my sister-in-law to the hospital while she was in labour.
but this was at the start of the first lockdown - i was unable to see her properly.
it felt like i was so involved and then suddenly very isolated as i was unable to visit my brother.
unable to see my niece.
i had no friends.
no other family.
no-one but my dog.
i ended up being completely useless at the new job and got sacked.
i was unemployed for about 3 months and living off benefits.
i hit rock-bottom.
i spent too much drinking.
i slept for days at a time without eating.
i even went on a random 1am walk with my dog for about 8 miles and came home with bloodied, blistered feet.
i spent christmas not even being able to buy a first present for my niece.
i felt like a useless aunt.
i eventually got another job in a factory working at an agency, and my hours got cut down to just 2 days a week which wasn't enough to pay rent.
i was stressed outi got a new job, which is where i am now.
it's a factory again.
my co-workers are toxic.
the work is repetitive.
every day feels like same.
i got signed off work for two weeks.
diagnosed with anxiety along with depression.
put on new medication.
i'm meant to be off for another two weeks, but have to go back tomorrow because my sick pay will not cover my bills.
i am not ok.
people with amputation, people with autism, blind people, deaf people, etc…not to insult anyone dealing with any of these problems.
i’m not deaf but dealing with chronic issues with my hearing, incurable.
how do they keep on living?, why?.
do you think that these kind of cases are just because of instincts, biology, survival?
or is there really something universal to just stay alive for?.
i don’t want to die but for the pain to end obviously, but it’s a different case when it’s a chronic and incurable  health condition, it’s sucking the joy out of everything.
although depression from young age, i’ve always been an hopeful person and that hope came from my logical approach to life, every problem in my past had a solution.. nowadays i’m just stuck with disgusted expression all over my face, i’ve lost my hope and spirituality (non religious spirituality).
if someone offered me these days to take poison and go to sleep - dying while dreaming without feeling anything, i will definitely take it
i dropped out of school when i was 15 and it's been three years almost.
i see my friends with depression--one had dropped out around the same time as me but completed her examination, another who graduated with a failing grade but is doing her best at online schooling and i feel like a complete failure.
all i had been doing for the past three years was nothing.
at some point in the beginning, i was writing and drawing and reading and picking up some study materials because i decided i should at least try to complete my exams but at this point i've given up on myself.
i gave up art, try to at least preserve my writing but still give up, i barely read and i haven't had an actual conversation with my friends in a week and haven't met them since the start of the year.
i've given up on my studies too.
i want to but i just feel like a failure and i'm afraid of everything.
i can't tell honestly if there is something wrong with me or if i'm judt lazy.
i feel guilty every day being here because my parent does not get angry at my existence and my sibling has given up on me.
at some point i had tried helping myself up, sleeping early, waking early, working out, studying, reading, but all attempts have ended in failure.
i wish i was strong enough to hold my own and turn myself around.
i try to tell myself that everything will be okay and distract myself in the present because i hate being reminded of my life and myself.
i really dislike myself, at least the me right now.
i want to change but change is so harr and i wish telling myself that i could do it works like it used it but i'm so upset and confused with myself and all i want is for me to disappear and lift the burden off everybody's shoulders because as much as i hate to face it i really am a failure
i’m scared.
it snuck up on me and got really dark really fast.
i lost interest in everything i once loved and all i do is lay around all day waiting for it to be over.
it feels like a prison.
my girlfriend misses her partner and i am slowly pulling her down with me.
i have been suicidal in the past but this is different.
i want to live but i’m scared it’s gonna outsmart me.
if there is anyone else that has made it through something like this please help me.
i know the real answers aren’t on reddit but i am so desperate and i’m so scared.
please, anyone.
today i woke up.
i had breakfast.
i had sweet dreams.
i burshed ny teeth.
just my normal life.
but then i remembered something me and my girlfriend talked about yesterday.
that she will be apart of a dnd group every friday.
i was a little hurt by it that she didn't at least talk about it with me.
anyway, as i was thinking about it, i realized something.
i cling to people.
i obsess over those who show me love and compassion.
and i loathe myself for it.
i loathe the fact that i rely on other people so much.
i do activities like go on walks, runs, push-ups just to get my mind on myself.
but then i find myself obsessing over the fact that things will never be like i want them to be.
i hate the fact that people show me love but over time they cease to show that love.
i can't be happy for others if it doesn't benefit me.
i'm selfish.
for example, sometimes i play league with the boys, but when they go off because they "don't feel like playing" i feel empty.
i feel empty once they leave the call.
i feel so alone.
and the same with my girlfriend.
the reason i am like this is because when ai was young, no one wanted to befriend me.
everyone i met bullied me.
from kindergarden, to elementary... all the way up to 7th grade.
i was pushed, insulted, told i was an inconcenience and an accident.
due to that, the people i met nowadays that show me love and compassion... i cling to them.
i want to protect those people from harm and help them just like they help me.
and i loathe myself for it.
i really have to seek out a therapist.
i hate myself for everything i am...
so i'm told everyone has a sense of self preservation but i don't know that i ever did which is why the idea of death never made me scared i only every feared the loss of my own intelligence but i never care about  self preservation i was not always depressed nor was i open to euthanasia always maybe my depressive downward spiral was rigged from the start not that i care since i value intelligence over preserving myselfi don't like pain and i don't hate myself i don't love myself  i do like myself  i just never gave a damn about most things
i work in retail- my department is dairy/freshmy manager isn't around my department much only comes and ask "how many cages are left to work" - store manager is on my ass through my entire shift- "hurry up" "where you been" "why didn't you fill the milk before break" - it is like bullying almost- i cannot work fast; - definitely cannot do a cage in 20 minute; cages aren't split so constantly having to walk around long aisle but store manager is always complaining instead of finding fast workers and move me elsewhere; i cannot afford to leave; my dads had a stroke and he wont be able to work anytime soon.. i don't understand why they don't sack me or move me elsewhere.
its driving me nuts: i barely get any overtime only on 20 hour a week/ never get any extra hours.
it makes me   think about my future...i haven't got any qualifications so cannot do anything else and my brain cannot remember shit so cannot do any course.
if i cannot get my pace up and make mr store manager happy i will lose my job and probably end up dead cannot deal with being unemployed again and a failure i cannot let my dad down.
i dont know why i'm so slow and cannot work fast i sleep 5 hours a night on average i know ppl who sleep on less and work fast... my diabetes cannot be the reason either since its 7 or 8 usually which isnt high... ahhh im scared of my life i wish i wasnt so dumb or slow
my therapist thinks i would benefit a lot from antidepressants, because i suffer from nightmares (signs of ptsd), anxiety and overall feeling very down and just... depressed.
i feel like a completely different person, after certain events that have sort of turned my world upside down.
i wanted to ask you guys here if this falls within grounds of what depression is?
i feel like i am completely unable to be an adult again.
moving back out, working regularly.
like, i have to survive and can’t lie in bed or cry as much as i do now.
i need to be “on” 5 days a week, 7 hour days of which i am planning on with my new jobs.
i am so scared.
the thing is, i know i’m in a better place financially now.
when i was younger i was so fearless and not so anxious and scared.
i managed being on my own then, but now?
i don’t know.
i almost feel lazy for these feelings, but it’s like i overstretch myself and say”i’m going to do this.
i need to grow up and take ownership of my life” and on the other i am so overwhelmed with school and working essentially three jobs.
i think i’m ready to start the medication, but i’m scared.
i’m scared i’ll change, or get a lot of side effects.
i feel shallow, but im also scared i’ll gain a lot of weight, which i have heard is normal.
i guess i’m just here to vent, and hear your thoughts or maybe guidance on this.
cause sometimes i don’t even know what i’m feeling or experiencing.
i honestly do want to feel muted.
and not so emotional anymore.
im just the worst, why am i like this :/
hi everyone i am 18 and the past 3 months have been the worst months of my life.
life was going okay for the most part to start, obviously covid and all but i was doing okay.
i had began to exercise alot more and was seeing improvements in my body.
i was doing well in school and was confident i would get into my dream college.
i was talking to a girl recently who i liked and we really clicked.
life was going well.
then this is where it all goes wrong.
i then suffered a back injury 3 months ago.
i have had this back injury for months and i have had to stop exercising, i can do any sports and i feel as if all my work is going to waste.
its not going away and i had an mri and found i may have to deal with this pain for life.
all of the solutions they have tried have failed and i am scared i will never be able to do activities i enjoy again.
it only gets worse from their, my dream college waitlisted me and i stunned as so many people who didn’t deserve to get in got in.
i had no backup plan as i was very confident i would get in, i did apply to other colleges but had no interest in attending them.
to add on to it, the girl i was talking to suddenly ghosted and then blocked me .
i don’t know why i said nothing and i just feel ashamed like i did something wrong.
to add on to all of this is my grandma who has gotten very sick and her condition is worsening.
i have struggled to concentrate in school and have lost all motivation and my parents are mad that my grades are falling.
my parents get angry that i am overreacting.
i have seen a doctor, but he suggested i take my adhd pills, but i hate relying on them and they make me feel super tired.
i feel like everything is just getting worse everyday and nothing gets better.
nothing has gotten better and i don’t see anything getting better.
i have stopped seeing my friends as often and i spend alot more time alone.
i just want to get away from everything.
sometimes i just get the urge to just drive away somewhere and escape from all these problems.
i just can’t take this anymore.
i feel so alone and i just want to cry.
i don’t know what to anymore.
i feel so depressed i wasted so much time playing video games or watching movies that i didn’t go out as much as i wanted too now there is nothing i can do to change that and it eats me up inside i just want to cry
sad part - i'm out of cigarettes.
i'm 31, and honestly i've been feeling like this for years.
i feel like i go through phases of depression but the thought of returning to work has made it flair up massively.
i had a work training session last week and i snapped at my manager which has made me feel even worse, and whilst i did apologise to him i've realised it's finally time to register at a doctor and get help.
how did you deal with asking for help?
i’m here but i’m not- i’m broken and i don’t even know where i am anymore.
sometimes the small moments help.
i want to just run and hide take the open road and breathe just breathe and see the different places and people as i observe with my spirit and maybe just maybe find the road that leads once and for all to ...me.
my day was doing sort-of fine (it sucked but all of my days suck so thats the normal for me) until i realised that im turning 16 in 3 days.
i had completely forgot about that and now i want nothing else but to die.
when i was younger, i thought id be cooler at 16, but unlike everyone else who is actually developing properly im still like 10, a manchild and will be one forever.
i cannot live and dont want to live with still being this much of a loser at this age.
i want to be dead, can someone please give me a gun.
i want to put a shotgun into my mouth.
im thinking about going to the train tracks with bleach and just drinking a whole bottle of bleach and having the train as the backup.
please end me, my suffering is lifelong and it will only get worse every day.
i have no desire and no more reasons to live and so many to die.
i want to drink bleach so bad.
not too say it a selfish manner.
it's just frustrating especially on mother's.
day.
so how can i forget bout it?
i’ve tried a lot of useless treatments.
despite all my attempts i am still not cured, i remain eternally alone and afraid of the world, the future and the universe.
i have spoken with a lot of people about a lot of subjects from all angles and i am still unable to heal myself, to socialize, to find myself a job or to put myself in a relationship.
my country has no laws to help people with depression, it is getting really hard to even have hope and i think i have to stop there.
the worst part is that i don't even think i can kill myself.
it’s a very hard act to do and i’m not even able to go through with such a project.
i guess then i have to go on "living" with this disease that is eating my brain.
i don’t think i’m looking for help today, just support.
i have been clinically depressed, on medications for about a year now.
my life had been falling apart, my room used to be messed up, couldn't care less if my scalp is bleeding or what not, i showed once a month.
recently, suddenly there has been crazy improvement, been consistently bathing, cleaning my room, wearing fresh clothes, heck even working out!!
but today, out of no where, my gf comments on this, and it just tore me in half, felt like the entire effort was just futile, felt the usual - " nothing matters just die ",just wanted to rant it out since my therapist is asleep.
please take care and stay safe!
i’m worried about the side effects, i’m 17 and started on 20mg
so i took my first vaccine dose today and i've fell ill because of it.
the sad part is, i feel happy about it.
i am feeling lovely being this way.
it's an allowance to be not accountable to anyone.
wish i was sick forever.
the saddest thing is watching your life crumble before you and you have no one there to support you or help you.
i understand my life is my responsibility but when you don’t want to live you hope that someone will be there for you.
none of my friends answered my texts or calls and i don’t blame them i wouldn’t want to talk to me either.
seeing your life slowly slip from you is the saddest thing to behold.
i have been through too much trauma and my brain is a bit too fucked for me to ever be happy.
i don’t mean pleasure in a moment here or a moment there.
those moments are attainable, but real existential happiness is not.
my issues run deep, to early early childhood.
i’ve never known anything but this.
and now i have been diagnosed with borderline.
it’s just unrealistic to think that i can ever be free of these things.
that’s not how life works.
the issues that you face don’t just magically disappear, they must be solved, and with mental health, you are the only one who can solve them.
i’ve tried, for over a decade and a half now to solve them, and it just hasn’t happened.
i can’t throw in the towel and just kill myself though.
that would not be fair to my mom and dad.
they really really love me, and i owe it to them to at least live.
so i am stuck living a life that i can never be happy in.
what do i do?
well, there are still people who i care about, so what if i work for their happiness?
my goose is cooked.
theirs is not.
there are things that i can help them with and battles that i can help them fight.
will this bring me real happiness?
no, not really.
but it will save me some extra misery of knowing that they are unhappy too.
hey guys, this is probably my first time positing about my mental health issue on a public forum.
i’m not entirely sure what exact issues i face ( cuz they haven’t been diagnosed by a professional yet).
but from my self diagnosis tests i may have a mild to mediocre depression + severe anxiety.
i also have an ocd, body esteem issues &amp; overthink.
i’ve been living in my thoughts for close to 5-6 years now.
it started with a bad break up but it just spiralled down from there.
the last 5-6 years have also been some of the best years of my life professionally.
i got selected, attended,  graduated from a top tier business school, got a prestigious job, earn good money etc.
i also dated a good guy after that but ended up breaking up with him cuz of distance.
these days i’m also dealing with issues about mediocrity, i feel like i’ve turned out average &amp; will die unloved &amp; unaccomplished .
i’ve been abandoned by my friends many times , boyfriend so that’s another issue.
at this point, i’m so overwhelmed by thoughts that i definitely know that i need help.
i just can’t get it at the moment ( i’m in a desi family so there are no boundaries for me to start taking virtual therapy).
i don’t get self harm thoughts ( as yet?)
but i do feel like everything is pointless.
like what’s the point of losing weight, it’s not like i’m a celeb, m just average nobody cares how i lookswhat’s the point of money?
what m i gonna buy with it?
car?
who cares?
a beachside bungalow?
who cares?
what’s the point of music?
when i’m never gonna be famous for it?
i know these are not normal thoughts &amp; i do want to take action &amp; get help.
i’m just not sure where to start.
would help if people can share their experiences &amp; things that can help me atleast in the short term before i can start full time therapy &amp; medications as recommended.
in short, i’ve been living my life on repeat essentially for the past two years.
ever since i’ve graduated highschool i’ve had... no plans for anything.
i’m a neet, basically.
i’ve had my own share of troubles and conflict.
sometimes i really like to imagine myself fixing my issues, mending hurt relationships with friends, and actually finding motivation.
but once i snap back to reality it’s hard to even start on anything.
i have so many things i would like to say or do to make things better but it’s just difficult for me to even get started.
i feel like a burden to everyone else around me.
i’ve provided nothing.
i can’t drive, never had a job, not even in college, no experience whatsoever.
i still feel like a child despite being an adult.
my own parents even treat me like a child, i’ve heard them crack “jokes” and gossip about me to other family members at times.
i feel like i’m not appreciated anywhere.
my parents aren’t abusive, they do care for me.
but in short i’m also afraid of them.
i feel like i have to constantly wear a mask around my family, and try to minimize any interactions with them often.
i often feel like i’m a disappoint and they know it.
i used to be a straight a, honor roll student until sometime in high school where i just burnt out and fell into a downwards spiral.
i never really recovered since.
i often feel like i’m putting up a facade.
i find myself lying to make others hear what they want to hear, to make myself appear socially acceptable.
i’m so sick and tired of feeling fake but i’m tired of embarassing myself.
i apologize if it sounds like i’m rambling.
i really just need to get my thoughts out.
when im bored without plans or around people im not completely comfortable around i get so sad.
im with my family currently and im just so sad i wish i at least had my sister with me to make it better.
im in a different country than my friends and i miss them.
i also feel like a burden bc my family is generally happy and my brain just sucks.
we live in a world so easily connected to one another yet i feel more alone then ever.
i just don't feel cut out for this world.
never thought i'd make a second post here, but oh well.
20[m], and earlier this day was the closest i've come to actually going through with killing myself.
i'll be honest and say it was a weird feeling; as there wasn't anything that really brought in on.
sure i saw that my friends were out together again without me which is always a bummer, but i've been seeing that for months, among other shitty things during this whole pandemic.
yet today of all days as i sat on my bed and scrolled through my phone, i just decided:"yeah, i suppose that's it."
got the knife, got the note i've already wrote out put beside me and kinda just sat down ready to do it.
obviously since i'm typing this, i didn't go through with it - a mixture of not wanting my mom to come back home to a dead kid, and just generally me being a bitch, meant in the end i just put everything away.
but knowing how close i was, it's a strange feeling.
even now i just kinda feel .
empty?
i thought i'd be scared, fuck even anger would be justified, but this hollow feeling is what i'm drifting off to tonight.
so yeah, that's my story.
don't know the exact purpose of this post, to be honest i might delete it - but my therapist said typing things down could help.
i honestly just want to disappear, that's all.
i may just give a try to an hospitalization, but that's it.
me and my ex broke up almost a year ago.
i’ve tried taking my mind off it by trying new things and meeting new people but whenever i meet a new girl, all i can think about is my ex.
it’s driving me insane and i feel pathetic because she has stopped answering my calls.
has anyone else still been in love with an ex partner and if so, any tips on moving on from this.
the relationship changed my life and i feel like i’ll never be able to find someone like her again.
another day passes... i’m sitting in my boring room, nothing to do.
i don’t want to get up... it hurts.
it hurts because it reminds me of times i was even more fucked up.
so i choose to sit... i choose to sit in this big fucking mess that i call my room.
in between empty bottles and medicine i shouldn’t take.
looking at my wall.
all the little pictures i decided to draw onto it.
reminding me of my past,reminding me of my regrets.
and i ask myself how did i get here?
thinking of my ex.
i wish i could hold her one last time.
to say i’m sorry.
to say i love her.
she left while i needed her the mostand it’s fucking with my head.
the feeling of betrayal.
she left me sitting in this room, and now look at me.
lost and alone.
just me and the deep echo of silence.
i’m afraid...it feels like a dark force is constantly surrounding me.
sometimes it takes completely over me.
i lose control.
i remember yesterday.
i spend half an hour just smiling at my mirror.
but it wasn’t a happy smile.
i was scared.
i was scared because i couldn’t do anything against it.
eventually tears started to flow.
but it wasn’t sad either.
i still stood there smiling.
tears of fear.
the only control i had left.
i think it’s getting worse.
i know i need help.
but i don’t know how.
i get that you want a doctor child but stop.
stop pretending both of you didn't convince me any other field than science is worthless.
stop pretending you didn't ignore obviously depressed teen me.
stop pretending i'm some sort of genius when i don't do well in school, graduating early means jackshit when you barely have a will to live.
went with 0 research at 15, stressful study material, expensive ass college tuition and at minimum 7 years to even be eligible for a job.
i'm tired of being reminded that "i waated good opportunity" and "alot of other people wanted my spot" then fucking take it.
i don't finished my ba out of a whim.
i'm tired.
stressed.
then being told when you're not depressed when you clearly were.
why do i need to be born anyway when you already have better firstborn.
honestly i just want to die.
i’ve become such a bitter and angry person.
apparently my doctor decided i wasn’t worth fixing and bailed on me.
i haven’t had meds in weeks.
everything feels like a chore and it all makes me mad.
my ex boyfriend told me that in the 10 years we’ve known each other, he has never seen me truly optimistic or happy.
i used to be a bright, bubbly person that no one could bring down.
then life happened.
i’m a 25 year old failure, i have no friends, my family literally hates me and only want to deal with me when my brain is being somewhat normal, and my doctor thought i was crap too.
i hate everything and just about everyone.
it seems like anger is all i have now.
what is my purpose?
i think i was put on this earth as a joke.
it all sucks and i’m tired of pretending it’ll get better.
i'm not going to name names, but somebody is insulting me and i'm crying right now.i know i'm an idiot, i know i'm annoying, i know, but please don't insult [me.it]( won't make me feel any better,please stop.
i don't want to kill myself, but i wouldn't mind someone else shooting me
hi all,i just wanted to ask has anyone ever overcome quite severely low self esteem?
i have always tended towards low self esteem but it is ruining my life now.
i am very lucky as i have a very supportive partner but it has been a struggle!
i am currently taking anti depressants and going through counselling and although my physical symptoms of depression have improved i still feel like human trash 4 months down the line.
i have tried taking up new hobbies, writing down positive things, i exercise every day but i cant help but feel like all that i (and multiple health professionals) are doing is trying to inject some kind of false importance in to my life ?
i have had a fair share of trauma which i think unfortunately has ruined my life ?
eight years ago something very unplesant and traumatic happened to me, causing me to have a psychotic episode and subsequently develop ptsd.
i had to move universities and completely rebuild my life which i still feel like i am recovering from in a way.
i am currently off work with stress.
a few months ago i was misdiagnosed at the medical centre i work at which has lead to long term health issues.
i have tried to relocate workplaces but was told this would be impossible.
subsequently, i did not put in a complaint about my care as i felt if i had to deal with this too, i would no longer be able to function.
before this, i suspect i was burnt out which did not help- i was often coming in an hour early and leaving 2-3 hours late with no lunch during the pandemic.
understandably, morale was low which caused me to get in to heated conversations with colleagues when i would usually be able to keep my head (someone calling me a "silly woman" "irish and therefore stupid" etc) so i now feel ashamed of that as well and like it is impossible to go back!!
i have tried looking at another job to do which would be less intense, but i dont feel confident to undergo an interview process etc.
as i am a human dumspter fire.
even when i meet with friends i feel i cant look them in the eye as i just feel so ashamed at what a disappointment i am.
i have no peace or rest and i can't hide it from my partner any more.
even though in the past i have felt negatively, i would often try to speak positively and spin a positive narrative but it hasn't changed my thinking.
i just hate myself so much and i don't know who i am trying to fool at this stage.
i know i am lucky and have more than most,  but i feel as though i am like some rescue dog who has to spend their life convalescing in a quiet place because their prior experience has ruined them.
what has it all been for ?
maybe i deserve to feel like pond sludge.
has anyone overcome something like this and felt they could just live their life/ do what they want rather than hide away?
thanks in advance!
i wake up in pain.
feels like an unexplored cave, when i reach the middle it starts crumbling.
it starts caving in.
no way out.
no way for rescue.
i'm not sure if this even belongs in this sub as i've not been diagnosed or started with any professional help.
i feel like my life is spiraling out of control and had reached a teetering point.
without unpacking to much, i've been terrible at making decisions for myself often just being pushed into a choice or indecision takes the opportunity away.
i have gotten most of an associate's horticulture and spent the last 5 years being a yesman and working my way up to be terminated last june for "covid" reasons.
i'm doing everything i can think of to find employment with equal or greater pay outside landscaping.
6 months before that i had to leave the home i was staying in so the landlords kid and grandkids had a place to stay, i don't blame them i would have done the same thing for my kid.
now me ,my so and child live in the basement of a family members house and they have been a blessing.
i have a family that i want to take care of and a special needs child that has made tremendous improvements since i lost my job.
i've been hyper focused on them and have developed a love for being a homemaker of sorts.
this only adds to my avoidance of gainful employment.
my head begins to physically hurt when i try to sort my thoughts.
another huge issue i have is that we are above poverty from an income stand point however life happens and my debt to income ratio for the last ten years has made it impossible for me to get ahead.
often times having to put off a bill to pay a more important one or even buy groceries.
i'm lost and can't see a direction that will pull me out of my hurdles.
i don't know how to bring in money while working with my childs development and my own roadblocks.
i apologize if this seems unorganized or a ramble, i'm struggling even to post this.
edit:.
also wanted to add that for most of my life i never want to go anywhere.
i enjoy going places and being around loved ones (when i get there) but i never want to go in the first place and i generally have to force myself to go even if i know i'll enjoy it.
hello all, i’ve been struggling mentally and honestly these past few months have been very hard.
i’ve been going back and forth with myself about getting a therapist/counselor, because i have had quite a few in the past but a lot of them never clicked at all, some felt like talking to a wall and i don’t have a lot of money.
how do i find myself a therapist / counselor who i feel like i can talk to and really grow with.
i’m really struggling and i just want to better myself so i don’t feel like this or hurt anyone i love.
thank you also, i smoke weed, should i never tell my future counselor about it?
 abscess in my brain growing devouring leaking tar from my ears and nose losing all sense of place and self just oozing and bleeding cant see through the oily film cant hear other than the fucking screams telling me to
does anyone else feel unwanted and unloved when your partner forgets a special day?
cause today i feel so unwanted and unloved simply because my husband didn’t wish me a happy mothers say (im the mother of his two kids).
he came to check on me and the kids before going to work and did t even notice i was full on crying.
i feel like he just doesn’t care about me anymore and it makes me want to hurt myself because id do anything for this man.
sorry for the rant and if this isn’t the right place for it.
ok so first of all this is not like a depression thing but i really need help i'm really overthinking right now.
i met this guy online i have like a crush on him ever since and now my friends keep on shipping us.
the guy started talking to me and i fell in love so hard!!
until i found out his real personality.
i can't tell my friends about it cause they know him better than i do but ever since i talk to him bullshit he's like the opposite kind of guy when i met him.
what should i do??
mostlyyy he said he also wants to get to know me better i can't i dont want to anymore nuh uh.
how can i reject him without my friends getting mad at me and hurting his feelings.
i'm so sorry... it feels like i'll never get better.. all i can think about is how i want to slap myself and hit my head into the walls so i can just feel numb and not care.
i'm so tired, i'm such a piece of garbage
my friend(40m) got divorced 2 years ago and that's been tough.
he has his kids half the time which is great but the times the kids aren't there he gets really depressed.
he is diagnosed with depression and is seeing a therapist and taking medication but he's still out of it.
recently he lost his job and although he'll be fine financially until he finds something else...his self esteem has dropped.
since he's home alone half the time he doesn't know what to do.
he's watched all the netflix + hulu shows out there.
our friends and him do get together but he needs more.
i tell him to get a hobby but doesn't know where to start.
any suggestions for hobbies or something to do when bored?
or suggestions in general?
he’s cool and wants me to come home.
but why is my heart still heavy?
why do i feel bad and can’t stop thinking about it?
i thought i’ll be fine if i let it out.
or is it because i voiced it out late?
cos i don’t understand why something that has caused me depressed for 2 years and i’ve tried several suicide many times in that and i just told my dad about it and i still don’t feel okay.
literally, no reason to be like that, but my mind want to play games and sleep only, not even making something in davinciresolve, still i want to do something, but can't
i’ve been feeling so much better than i have done in so long, and then all of a sudden i’m re consumed with that all too familiar darkness, feeling void.
agonising loneliness, but simultaneously pushing everyone away.
anguish.
anxiety.
sadness.
for no reason other than my own brain can’t find the right chemical balance.
i just feel so alone
i feel so fucking lonely.
i mean the painful level.
everybody is expecting me to be over years of abuse and injustices and to just shut up about my rights.
nobody gets how painful everything has been.
i can’t stop crying and my whole body hurts.
ive been under a lot of work stress and having social anxiety and i wanna cut but i cut yesterday and this morning and i dont want scarring so i wanna stop but i also dont wanna stop so idk what to do
don’t know if it’s better or worse.
i’m just kind of existing at the moment but it kinda sucks cause now i can’t tell if i was ever really sad.
like i know i was, but i also just don’t understand my thoughts or emotions anymore.
also it just feels like i blink and suddenly i wake up and a week has passed.
kinda like i have not lived any of my life up until this point but was just put here and memories of my life before this were just put into my head.
don’t really know how to feel anymore.
not that anybody cares.
just helps to put this into words i think.
i (25f) don’t want to resent my (18f) sister but i just keep messing up with her.
i want to get out of this negative mindset and documenting my thoughts somehow may help.
i can’t let her words get to me.
i’m just so exhausted.
so exhausted of the mental gymnastics i have to do with her.
she says that i’m a terrible bitch and don’t deserve anything good in this life.
i know words are just words but i feel like she’s starting to believe it.
i don’t want to go on living like this.
i don’t want to resent my parents but they’re checked out with taking care of her.
so now i have to be the sister and the parent.
i can’t ever just be the sister because if i was, i’d probably be a better support system.
over time, it’s become hard for me to empathize with her because i always feel like i am on the other side of the situation, rather than on her side.
lately it’s been hard for us to get along because i always seem to infuriate her over something small.
she says that i’m basically overthinking the wrong things - that if i had just done this or that, etc.
everything would’ve been fine or she wouldn’t be as mad.
my parents created this person.
they enabled these behaviors and now i have to bear the brunt of it.
i don’t want to feel any more sorry for myself than i already do because it’ll just make me spiral and i’ll keep thinking negatively.
she always says not to focus on her insults but instead use it as motivation to change, but she doesn’t understand my depression.
my depression seemingly now has been a huge burden on everyone because they’re just waiting on me to change.
i’m tired.
i’m mentally and physically exhausted.
my aunt gave me a way out which is to stay with her for a few days each week to keep her and my grandma company.
i know this is my anxiety talking but i just know my sister will be mad that i get this reprieve and she doesn’t.
more and more, i can feel how much she resents me but i have to be the one to fix the wrongs and i’m tired man.
now i think about taking myself out of the equation completely but i know it’s just ideation.
i need to get out of this mindset because it’s preventing me from doing the things i need to do.
i know i have to take it day by day but right now i’m literally just trying to make it to the end of each day.
i always thought doing that was enough but now it isn’t because everyone is waiting on me to change.
sorry my thoughts are everywhere, i’m pretty much just venting.
i’ve never really posted my thoughts on a public platform before so if you’ve read up to here, thank you.
every night i refuse to sleep because i have so much on my mind.
yet i can't seem to grasp what exactly is my problem.
i just feel like i'm free falling and i can't get a hold of anything.
so lost and so empty.
i don't even know which direction to go.
i don't even know what i am.
not even depressed.
not anxious.
i'm nothing and i feel like nothing.
i wish that i can disappear.
i think all i need is actually someone to talk to.
i have so much in my chest i need to let it out.
then again i can never stop talking.
who will ever have the heart, the ears and the time to listen to me?
they can't even relate.
what am i gonna do after i talk?
is it gonna make things better?
no.
back to square one.
i'm stranded.
i'm suffocating
i was already "grown up" (well, never mind that, nearing 40) when i saw a movie called "trust."
that was 1991, i think.
grown up, maybe, but still f\\ked up as well, years past my only suicide attempt but seeing my third or fifth psychologist/psychiatrist/counselor/therapist anyway.
in the movie, martin donovan plays a classic misfit who, among other things, carries a hand grenade in his pocket-- just in case.
btw, it has a happy ending, not one with the grenade exploding.
happy of a sort, i guess.
there are millions of details from my past that have long faded from memory but that movie stuck with me, especially the grenade part.
in the following years, i always felt that suicide was my just-in-case grenade.
i'd tried it (suicide, not grenades) and "failed" due to someone who "saved" me by cutting me down from the tree limb.
flash forward to now, after my eighth or tenth counselor person and a session of tms where i was pronounced "cured" by the experts (did i answer their questions honestly?
i think i did; on that morning, i hadn't had any suicidal ideation, was sleeping better (was never really a problem), and forget what the other questions were.
they and my insurance company were happy to pronounce me cured, which only took maybe 10 days to evaporate.
getting a bill from the provider for half the cost (low five figures, not including the decimal point) didn't help but they're saying it was just a billing error.
well, i hope so.
who says i have no hope?
but the bottom line is it feels more and more like grenade time.
i've worked on myself for so long, trying to improve myself in the ways i've been shown, and i'm tired of trying to improve.
i certainly haven't started loving myself-- the concept is absurd for me; something there is inside of me that is so deeply flawed.
well, outside too; i have unfortunate facial features and a hard-to-pronounce name that i've waited too long to change to "john smith."
my body is weak, tired, and hurting from too many years of bad posture.
mostly by choice, i have few friends but i suspect they'd drop me like a stone or give me platitudes if i told them more of the truth.
they can't cure me.
i can't cure me.
i can't think of a thing i want from today, tomorrow, next week, month, year.
i sure as s\\t don't want another decade.
just like i check my back pocket to see if my wallet's still there, i check my virtual pocket for the virtual grenade.
i was suicidal and had a 24 hour hold followed by a partial program when i was between insurances in april.
the partial program told me it wouldn't be a problem, they could retroactively charge it to the new insurance when that became active.
so i went and now they're telling me that they can't cover it and the county denied my medical assistance application even though i know my work was contacted for paperwork.
now i'm looking down the barrel of a 11k bill when my paychecks hardly clear 900. it's stressing me out and making me more angry and depressed because i feel like i'm drowning in a hole.
fuck the american health care system, it probably would've been cheaper had i just unalived myself.
my life have been a series of bad choices.
i am 34 yrs old and i haven't achieved anything.
the only future i had was lookkng forward to a life with my boyfriend, but that's not going to happen anymore.
we still live together, and he is moving his new boyfriend in with us.
he says he still loves and cares for me, but not like "that" anymore.
i left before, i actually did but i came back because i thought we were going to try to make it work.
we have 2 dogs and a cat.
i keep telling myself, that it's better if i stay here to take care of them.
but whenever i sleep i keep forcing myself to believe this life is a dream and whatever i wake up to is my real life.
i tried to jump of a bridge, but it just ended up scratched and bruised.
i work 2 jobs now since the pandemic.
i tell people asking why i have to jobs that i just want more money and take advantage of working from home.
i tried to believe that too.
but i think i'm just trying to exhaust myself until i can't do anything anymore.
i'm hiv positive.
one of the times that my boyfriend had been seeing another person, i looked for those massage therapists and had sex.
i'm not sure that's where i got it, but i have it now.
i am taking meds but i'm tired of it.
and oh yes, throughout the the entirety of our relationship my boyfriend cheated on me a lot of times.
i tried to stab myself in the heart with a knife before, but i did it slowly and stopped because it hurt.
now i'm suffering some thyroid issue i'm not sure where or how i got and trying to get treated for it.
so my no longer boyfriend's sister is here with her bf visiting.
so there's 5 of us in the house.
they left for the province 2 days ago and i was left by myself here because i have work.
it felt lonely and freeing at the same time.
now they're back.
i was dozing off and getting the feeling that i was about to dream, then they knocked on the door.
i was just really hoping that the dream i was having was my "real" life and this was the dream now nightmare that i need to wake up from.
but they knocked, and now i'm awake and making this post.
i'm sorry if my sentences and thought process are jumbled, i'm not usually like this.
but i just really wished that i "woke" up from this dream to my real life and now everything feels heavy.
i'm 26 now, quitted trying my dream job to take one that pays, i'm a developer for a startup, my boss is agressive and i'm just doing it for the pay.
my life has all of a sudden became meaningless, i may die and i wouldn't care, my friends won't listen to me, i'm going to therapy but it's not helping, it's been like that for a while, it's not getting any better, i might just kill myself.
when i think about it, a major reason i don’t off myself is because i don’t want to hurt others around me or whatever, but i just wish i could tell people that i’ll be happier as a spirit or in the next life or whatever and just have them accept that because in this life i am so traumatized things can’t be undone idk.
i just wish i could be like “ hey guys i’m gonna give it another shot in my next life” and that would be ok.
good morning.
after a few very bad days which i surprisingly didn't pay as much attention as i used to (until i noticed i am lethargic this weekend), i woke up with a question.
is it usual to realize you have in fact so many bad days that you don't notice them anymore, and you think "oh i'm fine today" although you're clearly in a bad place mentally?
and slightly less bad days look like they're awesome exceptional days?
thank you for any insight.
i just feel so awfuli hate life
ok so a bit of background on my situation.
i have a super difficult home life and a lot of it comes down to abuse and a lack of understanding between me and my parents.
because of it, i realized that they only way that they would listen to me is if i scare them into listening (healthy, i know).
because of it, for years i have not taken any steps to get out of my serious depression and anxiety because by doing so, i would lose my only leverage.
right now, i am finally getting out of that toxic environment and looking at small steps to better myself and my mental health.
currently, to numb the pain, i watch hours of sitcoms a day because it is the only thing that keeps me semi functioning and away from the realities and stressors of my life.
i know this is super unhealthy, and i want to take some small steps to slowly replace that part of my life.
does anyone have some suggestions?
i could very easily just go out in the forest, cut my veins and let myself bleed to death as i look at the sky.
but i don't know if i haven't done it yet because i'm just too afraid or because there is still a slim hope inside me  that eventually everything is going to be alright.
i honestly don't care about myself anymore.
doctor told me to take my med while eating but i got fat i want to skip some meals
i am in my final semester doing my final unit before i graduate.
however, for the first time ever, i don’t know if i can do this assignment.
i literally don’t understand the content (accounting) and there’s nothing i can do.
it’s a week away and i’ve left it too late.
i can’t fathom the thought of being so close and failing.
i think my soul left my body trying to do this assignment.
i feel like i’m sinking and trapped.
i thought i was going into cardiac arrest the other night.
i fucking hate accounting and i’m terrible at it idek why i chose it.
it’s only been suffering at uni ever since.
why are degrees so rigid?
why do i have to pass this one final fkn unit?
changing majors is so difficult, there’s prequisites and all this other bs, degree structures, absolutely not enough time to see what u even like doing, zoom uni is fucking dreadful,, severely mentally ill students like me are treated like shit, i can go on forever... i can’t believe i’m gonna spend my entire life paying off this stupid degree i don’t even want and don’t plan to do anything with.
i’m so jealous of everyone who saw the light n either dropped out or didn’t participate in this fucking scam called uni.
i regret fucking everything
my mom passed away 1.5 years ago at 71.  i know that sounds old to some but her mom lived until 97 and her grandmother until 99 so i thought i would have more time.
it's not just that dad's got alzheimer's sister and i were never close so it feels like i have no family left at all.
i'm in my late 40s and this just isn't how i imagined life, i have no friends or any goals or things i care about.
i can't think of one thing i actually want to do.
i feel like i am getting weaker mentally and physically by the day.
maybe it's because i never had kids but i don't see the point of life.
i have seen everything there is to see and done everything i care to do.
i don't want to hurt myself but i do feel like i finished my life a couple of decades back and i am just waiting for the ride to finally stop.
i have very bad anxiety and ocd so even if i get the desire to go out in the world, i have to complete a long cleaning ritual which is tiring physically and mentally as i tend to spaz out and panic about getting sick.
i guess this is just a rant thanks to anyone who read it.
just venting/wondering if anyone is feeling the same at the moment.
it started a few weeks ago when spring started taking hold - the sun is now out seemingly perpetually, and it makes me so annoyed and sad.
hell, the sight of a sunny day through the window will set me off into a horrible mood.
i thrive in cold, rainy, and dark days during the spring.
it’s like they recharge me, only to be drained by the next sunny day.
i’m looking ahead to summer and dreading it...in the autumn/winter, i feel like the world is alive, i just feels right.
in the spring/summer, the world feels upside down and everything is horribly uncomfortable; you can’t choose how comfortable you are, the temperature is just always too damned hot.
always.
anyway, i really don’t know how to feel more comfortable in the summer.
it’s currently so debilitating
does anyone feel these two last generations (gen y, z , @), that there is going to be a surge in depression/ anxiety issues in general?
i mean, yz@, we are globally accessible, so to speak.
we, as humans, have a tendency to compare ourselves to others.
others' "luck", "attractiveness", generally "how well am i doing" compared to others?
other factors, such as \[just one example\], c-19, which keeps many of us isolated.
we were born for human interaction, without it....... we get can easily get very lost....
i'm wondering, maybe i don't have any mental illness or condition that makes me feel like this, maybe i'm just experiencing what life is supposed to be and i can't handle it?
i can't fulfill even the most basic requirement to be a member of our society, so what's the point of me being alive?
i'm cursed with intelligence, i'm cursed with the knowledge of the futility of our every act;my issue is not that my eyes blind to the beauty of life, my issue is that i have opened them long ago and i have collapsed under the monumental weight of understanding our condition.
there is no beauty of life, there is only suffering.
those who are happy are ignorant and blind, and i envy them.
how do you build your life when you feel like you've lived enough already?
this whole time i thought i was climbing to the top of the mountain, but now that the fog is gone, i can see that in reality i was only climbing to the very bottom of the mountain, and the real pain and suffering have yet to begin.
well, to hell with that, this is not a hike i'm down for, i've suffered enough already, this is where it ends for me.
i hate my stepbrother he is the worst; he gets everything he wants, he gets praised and appreciated for cleaning (which he already does everyday, so he didn't do anything special), and when he abuses my mom (he used to hit her), nothing happens.
his dad doesn't know anything, he thinks that his son is an angel (news flash!
he isn't) and all of me and my brothers and sister are demons compared to him.
please help me, i am severely depressed and feel like i should just end it all
 how do you smile that smile?
so convincingly coaxingwith your charm, all the while,driving me to the brink with your finger stroking.
strumming me like the finest stratwe harmonized beautifully … heavenly … blissfully…then, little by little, it all went flat.
according to you everything so hastilyturned acrid and putrid... just like that!
then from where i cannot tell youyou blasted a dagger razor sharp and true.
so head-over-heels and trusting, i was completely blindsided,before i could grasp the reality of one,a second hit me, as i hit my knees so misguided,and then a third struck, and i was done.
who are you?
i hear you talking.
it sounds like you.
but my love wouldn’t leave me choking,trying to breathe through all the tears.
who are you?
you look like my man.
but my love would take me in his armsand hold me as close as he can.
that’s what he’d do, that’s what he’d do,that’s what he'd do!
i've been trying to pull my self together, i lost my step father on monday to covid.
he was an amazing man that truly cared for me and my siblings.
as much as i love my dad, my step father was the love of my mom's life.i can not describe how much this hurts.
i've experienced so much loss in life, i still don't know if i've had a proper break from the trauma of any of it, and i don't know if i will.
idk why i don't deserve to be happy and heal.
all of my friends ignore me when i message them and i have been going into depressive episodes more and more often now.
i don't want to spend my weekends alone, stuck in my room, drinking vodka i stole from my parents.
i don't know what to do.
i struggled with depression my entire life.
what's worse, i have bad teeth.
what do these two have in common?
i have bad hygiene.
it's nonexistent.
brushing and flossing are a toll on my life.
i hate going to the dentist and losing more and more teeth.
but why can't i just brush?
or shower?
or do basic things?
it's recognizing the problem, but not having the ability to stop the self destructive behaviour.
i'm depressed at the state of the world because  i know apocalyptic events can happen any year but still very unlikely but those are not that likely to happen in my lifetime but what is scary is climate change.
i'm a teenager barely going into high school and it's hard to be motivated  when information like this appears   ----                ---   and  that state we are going to go extinct due to climate change in a couple years.
this makes it so i can't care about anything because  i know i literally wont make it to my 30s and it makes me wish i was never born.
not only from the world but also from people's memory.
there wouldn't be anyone who missed me.
anyway, this is just another way of saying i wish i was never born.
i'm curious to see if anyone else is experiencing this.
i've struggled with severe anxiety and moderate depression for years.
within the past year, i developed a condition called parosmia because of covid.
basically, it makes it so almost anything with a scent and flavor smells and tastes like trash.
now, i've been a huge foodie my entire life, and food has been a primary source of happiness for a majority of my life.
and now, i enjoy food 50%.
sometimes i have a meal and wash it down just so i don't have to suffer through the taste and smell of it.
now i can't tell myself "it will get better."
these past couple years, my goal has been to find a good paying job so i can afford all the food i want.
and right when i get that job, paying $17/hr + commission, i get this condition.
i'm at the point where i feel like i'm living life through a television screen.
i've emotionally detached from almost everything.
it feels like everything i see, hear, feel, i'm experiencing it second hand.
i don't feel the emotions i used to.
knowing that i'm depressed and one of my only sources of happiness is gone, i just don't feel connected to life.
the only benefit to this condition and my severe anxiety is i don't fear death anymore.
i love falling asleep, and hate waking up most days.
hello everyone.
i have suffered with depression and anxiety for half of my life.
last year i got diagnosed with adhd at the age of 30mumble.
i'm on medication for everything and life was nicely under control until recently.
the past couple of weeks have been very stressful.
be it work (i work with my family), my physical health (disabled), uni work or my volunteer work with a community radio station.
it seemed to hit me all at once last week.
i knew my anxiety was up because i was shaking and stammering all the time.
but then things started looking different.
i'd be typing a message to a friend on my phone and it wouldn't look right then i'd suddenly think how amazing it was that i could type messages on a screen and then transport them for someone else to see... as if i hadn't ever done it before.
things looked as if they were in some kind of "super hd" and i just didn't recognise or remember them.
in reality, nothing had changed.
it was all the same stuff i'd used thousands of times before.
but then came the actual visual hallucinations.
bugs everywhere.
on the walls, the ceiling, my skin, everywhere.
but they aren't there.
this has happened before but not for a very long time.
i've been pretty stable for the past 10 years or so.
i know i need to de-stress but i've never worked out how.
usually i'd just drug myself to sleep.
i don't really want to go to my doctor and be put on the personality erasing drugs they put me on last time to stop the hallucinations.
i can't get any time off work at the moment either which sucks.
i feel like i need a week or month just to do nothing.
i'm very overwhelmed.
this is fucking killing me yall.
i started prozac about 6 weeks ago (this was my first medication ever) and i am experiencing fucking terrible sexual dysfunction side effects.
i am not horny, like at all.
wetness is 0. and if i use lube, it takes me forever to reach orgasm (hours) and majority of the time i can't even reach orgasm.
i hate this.
before, i would get wet so easily, be horny just about everyday or every other, and be able to climax in minutes.
now, it takes me 1.5 hours to orgasm when i am masturbating.
what can i do to decrease my side effects?
i just want to cum :(
i've worked my butt off for four years both full and part time keeping my gpa at 3.7, which is good for me considering my mental health issues.
i finally got accepted into a prestigious program for the fall with the stipulation that i keep my gpa above i think a 2 point something.
i failed four out of five classes.
like, didn't show up, completely bombed, no assignments.
i've been trying to late withdraw from two of them but of course, even though i've had all the documents and notes from my therapist since march, probably have got it done too late.
i have never gotten below a b- in my university career.
i completely crashed and burned.
i can't stop crying.
i'm already a mature student and the new program will take an additional 3 years to complete.
i am spiralling right now and i'm just so fucking dissapointed in myself.
i literally would just like to stop existing and can't believe i've fucked up my stupid life this much.
i've worked so hard for this only to burn it to the ground the first chance i get.
i really suck.
i really really suck.
anyways just needed to scream into the void for a while because there's nothing left to do.
i've been trying not to cry but my life is falling apart and it's causing me to have issues with my relationship and its just so hard to carry on sometimes when the person u love keeps on getting hurt by you , i am trying to make a change but every time i try something worse happens and its to a point i don't see a reason in living.
it's just a matter of time before everyone leaves
19 male first time making a post so might be awkward sorry in advance.
i been dealing with depression all my life and i have been holding on because "better days will come" i tried many things i exercise frequently sleep schedule is normal and eating properly.
i'm currently taking fluoxetine (anti depressants) but i keep coming back to this feeling.
i really wanna just die i try not to think this way but if i'm honest i genuinely hate living so much and it hurts so much every single day.
any real reasons to keep going?
i have no clue why this happens, but whenever it's like late spring and summer and the evening comes, i just feel an overwhelming sensation of dread.
i don't know why.
it just makes me anxious and depressed to the point where i can't function anymore.
just really odd.
just heard the ice cream car drive by and for some reason that triggers it even more.
it's weird becausw the summer tends to trigger it more than say cold, dark winter days.
i have been having this for at least 2 years, but only just found the link between the two.
can anyone tell me if this is normal?
thanks a lot, everyone!
i’m wondering if anyone here has experience with doing intermittent fasting and it helping ease their depression?
i did if for several years and fell off of it wheni became depressed and then starting taking an antidepressant that made me nausea and felt i needed to have something in my stomach to absorb it.
i am desperately looking for anything to help me feel better as medication is not working for me.
i’m just wondering if if may help a little.
one plus it would have if i start up again is one less opportunity to eat crap at a meal.
i used to be such a healthy eater and since entering the worse bout of depression of my life earlier this year, i’ve only managed to be able to feed myself nutritionally void meals of mostly starch, fat, sugar, etc.
i also rely on takeout a lot and want nothing more than to start eating healthier again as i am hopeful it will help my energy levels, outlook, etc.
i’ve also been researching supplements that may help with depression, including saffron, epa fish oil, vitamin d, zinc, turmeric and magnesium.
would love to hear any experiences with any of these as well.
i'm a 21(f) and i've always kept to myself so i don't know where to start or if i'm rambling too much.
i grew up with pretty strict parents.
whenever i cried in front of them they got annoyed with me and told me that they were going through worse things, so i felt so ashamed and guilty when i cried.
i still feel guilty being sad because i know there are people who have it way worse than me.
in middle school my parents pushed me to get perfect grades and my friends were smart and mean and i felt so dumb.
i wasn't allowed to hang out afterschool or stroll around town, and i felt like i didn't have a real friend that i could talk to.
i felt lonely, and i was sad when my mom yelled at me for "doing nothing" and never making friends.
i found it hard to make too many friends as i had to come home straight after school, but i hated myself for that anyways.
my dad would always remind me how much money he was spending on me.
he expects me to live based on his happiness because without him, i wouldn't be alive on this earth right now.
i never asked to be born lol.
on top of that my dad would drink most times of the week and force me to be with him while he drank, which really drained me.
his drunkenness would come with toxicity and sometimes he would say some mean things i wish i never heard.
it was no surprise he would hit us more often when he was drunk because he would hit us even when sober.
i couldn't say anything i wanted to say and i told him "i love you" whenever i was scared.
i was so scared, and i hated myself for that.
when i went to the doctor during this time she asked me several questions and she seemed concerned and told me she thought i was showing signs of depression.
i was scared because my mom was in the room with me and i was all teary-eyed because the doctor seemed like she really cared about what i thought, and i wasn't used to that.
on the ride home my mom told me that it made no sense that i may be depressed and she was clearly upset at me.
she told me she was doing so much for me and i had no right to be feeling like this.
i told her that the doctor thought wrong and that i was perfectly fine, and immediately my mom stopped being mad.
i hated it when she was upset with me.
all i ever wanted was to make her proud.
so i started living as if nothing was wrong, through years of constant anxiety attacks and isolating myself whenever i felt anything other than happiness.
i had thoughts of ending my life but brushed them off as just random thoughts.
now i'm an adult proud to have made it without any help, fighting my own demons thinking i have succeeded, only to realize it keeps coming back, and it hits back worse.
everyday as an adult i tell myself how worthless and ugly i am.
i'm still living under my parents' roof and i feel like such a burden.
i can't move out at the moment.
sometimes i think about how much better off they would be financially if i just disappeared from their life.
i feel like everyone is just better off without my presence, and that feeling of uselessness always comes back to me.
i just wish i went to therapy or something during middle or high school, but i always told myself that how i felt was normal and that there were people who have it far worse than me.
i regret this and feel like it's too late for me, even though deep down i know that's not true.
at this point it feels like i hate myself so much that i'm just punishing myself by not seeking any help.
i feel so lonely and wish i could tell someone everything, but i am scared they'll see me as crazy or dramatic.
i just want to stop feeling so lonely and useless and get up and fix myself, but i have no motivation for that anymore.
i just want to make people i care about proud and happy, but i feel like i do the opposite of that so what's the point.
it's really hard to go on living each day as though everything is fine and i'm not dying inside.
parents think it's just a phase or that i have anger issues cause i'm doing bad things or feel guilty.
it's bs.
i can't even tell them cause they'll be like you'll get through it.
it's just the way of life or you're fine or don't be dramatic.
i absolutely hate it.
i'm a real person and i have feelings too.
why don't you get that?
its really hard to pretend to be happy cause if i'm not i'm accused of ruining everyone else's mood or trying to get my way by ruining the day.
and then when i'm asked if i have friends or can't say no i don't so i just nod my head but actually whenever i try to make friends it just doesn't work.
if someone asks me to come walk with them or play badminton i happily get up and go but on the way they ditch me and i wait for minutes to see if they come back but they don't.
no one ever does.
and then they have the audacity to actually ask me why are you sitting alone?
why are you so quiet?
and when i talk the again they have something to complain about like why are you so hyper?
can you shut up i'm trying to talk?
and i hate that.
i feel like there's something wrong with me that's why i don't fit in.
i just want someone who likes me for who i am and doesn't try to change me and actually gets me.
life is s.
won't complain if it's over.
some things that have happened this past year: my dog died, my boyfriend dumped me, i had to leave my school, i found out my best friend relapsed into selfharming again after a year of being clean, i got an eating disorder that almost killed me, i got caught by my parents for underage drinking, my best friend is moving away soon, so is another friend of mine...on top of that, things are getting more fragile at home, and the figths are getting more frequent.
everything is just so shitty, but i'm just expected to move on and recover, which i have been able to do until now.
i'm just so tired.
i'm constantly waiting for the other shoe to drop, but let's be real here, it has dropped many times already.
i'm just wondering how many more i can take.
i had dreams and i had passions.
now i am just tired and exhausted of making effort.
i still have hope but it is getting very difficult to imagine happiness, fulfillment or any of my dreams and goals being realised.
i am a college student and i failed all my classes due to the worst depression i ever experienced in my life.
i wasted my parents money and i just want to fucking die.
i hope i die in my sleep tonight.
i’m worthless and a stupid dumbass and everything would be better if i die.
i just got done with a great night.
i was out with a really good friend and i really enjoyed myself.
i just feel really happy lately in general.
i don’t get why i can’t stop thinking about killing myself though.
i try so hard to be happy and it really doesn’t make me want to die any less.
all i could think about on my drive home was how badly i want to blow my brains out.
i wish i could talk about it with a doctor so much.
i can’t do that though without losing my job and being involuntary in-patient.
with that i’ll lose my home, benefits, all my friends i made here and probably have to move back to my home town where i was more depressed.
it’s like if i fail at killing myself or if i tell them i’m thinking about it, they’ll make sure that i actually want to kill myself.
i just really wish i wasn’t like this all the time.
my mom doesn't work and she lives with me.
she's super obsessed with religion now and it's really bothering me.
she's telling me who i can talk to or what i can do in my own home.
im all she has and i don't know what she would do if she loses me.
she's been though alot but does this mean i have to keep suffering?
i can't even have a genuine or funny conversation without her talking about getting right with god.
it's frustrating really.
i don’t know how to spell it out for him.
i’ve told him that my psychiatrist wants to increase my ssri because my depression scores were high.
i’ve been laying in bed.
i don’t want to talk.
i’m exhausted.
he knows i’ve been crying, i’ve told him how i’m feeling, but he won’t stop asking me what’s wrong.
i tell him nothing’s wrong.
he gets annoyed, or internalizes it.
i don’t know how to explain to him that i can smile and be normal around other people but i’m just too fucking tired to keep it going once we’re alone.
that the idea of having to do anything makes me want to curl up into a ball on the ground, but it would take too much energy to get myself down there.
i’m not avoiding chores because i don’t feel like doing them.
putting dishes in the dishwasher might as well be running a marathon.
he had a tonsillectomy but he’s been having to take care of me.
he’s irritated, and i get it.
but the way i’m feeling is not a choice.
and i cannot keep answering that same question with the same lie when he already knows the answer.
hi guysi have been really low this weekend and i was hoping i could gather everyone's coping strategies in one place.
what do you all do to escape "the pit" tia
i have like 1 friend that lives anywhere near me that actually has a car.
he was my first friend i made when i moved where i live now.
we were inseparable, hung out every day, it was great for my mental health to have a friend like him.
obviously time goes on and people grow up.
we now live about an hour apart and he had gotten married and had a kid but he didn't forget about me but now we only get to see each other maybe once or twice a year.
last week we.msde.plans for him to come over today, i don't get weekends off and i work sometimes up to 10 days in a row with only one day off and specifically requested sunday off to see my friend.
neither of us realized at the time that today was mother's day and i'm assuming he cancelled because he hasn't shown up or called yet.
i was lokmkng forward to not spending my day off doing nothing, not being around my roommate who does nothing but bitch and complain about what i do.
this is the type of thjnb that's gonna bother me for weeks, maybe longer.
i'm incredibly upset and actually sad i'm not gonna get to see him because it's super incredibly rare that i even get a day off on a weekend day.
i guess there's always next year :(
i'm so depressed but no one believes me, i can't even have a shower anymore without crying because i hate my body.
i hate all the femenine nicknames of my birth name.
i'm constantly begging me mum to let me get my hair cut so even a tiny bit of dysphoria is gone but she keeps telling me to wait.
lately she's been constantly tells me i'm grumpy because my period is comming up soon, even though i've told her many times how uncomfortable i am even speaking about it.
i hate my chest and my curvy thighs.
why couldn't i just be born a boy.
no one takes me seriously when i tell them how big of an impact being trans has on me, i hate everyone, no one likes me.
my friends barely even talk to me, we're always fighting because i say how much i wish i was a boy and i'm so antisocial that i can't get any new ones.
i can't live like this and i don't think i can even do another month, let alone years at school being called the wrong pronouns and name.
i have no hope anymore, i don't even know what imaginary i'm clinging onto anymore.
i'm so unempathetic and selfish and get reminded all the time.
all of my friends hate me and i have nothing in common with anyone i know.
i don't know what to do, please help.
i don't know what else to say.
i feel empty.
so i want to die but just cant find any easy and fast way to die .. this lead to me being depressed .. i am so much depressed because i cant find a way to die pls send a easy way so that my depression could be cured..
started high school with straight a’s and ended it off by failing all but 2 classes.
grades are due at the end of the month and i don’t have enough juice in me to catch up on the actual mountain of homework i’m missing, and i don’t think i remember what being motivated feels like.
people who are able to start their work and be serious about getting it done, how?
teach me your ways
every leg up i could’ve had getting to college was thwarted by my parents.
i should’ve had a few hundred dollars of cushion, i shouldn’t have paid for my tuition out of pocket, i shouldn’t be forced into withdrawal.
but my dad won’t do the minimum and the stress of it all is too much.
when i was already down my mother took my car and gave it to my stepdad’s deadbeat alcoholic brother.
a person i thought was a good friend helped me but decided they missed their own comfort, even if doing so meant screwing me over.
cpstd is making it impossible for me to live, i don’t even enjoy anything anymore.
everything i love is rooted in trauma.
i’m just so tired of living, i wouldn’t have to worry about any of this if i was dead.
i never wanted to be here and now that’s my problem.
now today is just reminding me that i should be thankful for my life because of everything my mom went through to put me here... i wish she would’ve taken me out when she kept threatening to.
i left my apartment for the first time in a week yesterday to take out trash.
i’m just so tired of having no way to get back up that won’t fall through eventually.
i hat my life i wanna be happy but i can’t for some reason and i’m lonely i don’t want to drink to feel happy but so far it has been the only thing for months that cna get me hapy
hi!
right off the bat i want to say that in no way am i against equality between genders.
i'm just genuinely curious am i wrong to think this wayi'm 20 yo man and recently i've seen a lot of posts blaming men for horrible things.
i know it's not about all men, but seeing this day and day again it has started to impact my depression.
as a man with depression it's incredibly hurtful when i see posts stating that as a man i should be happy
i have always struggled with who i am, what i would be good at, what i should do for a job.
to an extent that i avoided the question successfully for so long.
i finally lined up my first job and i was excited, i am way behind on the job front for my age and where i should be in life.
that knowledge alone is pretty scary but i managed to land my first job, was kind of pumped and thrilled at the idea of earning money and being useful in some way.
now, my dad meant it in a nice way, he really didn't understand the weight of his words or the way he said them but they depressed me to no end.
"over the years i made a list of jobs i thought you'd be good at and ones you wouldn't be and the wouldn't be list had so much in it but this job i think you'll be really good at and i'm proud of you" i don't know, the fact this is just your run of a mill, probably could have a robot doing it made me super depressed like that's all i am worth?
just a basic grunt?
it's who i am and who i will probably be all my life and that's depressing.
no offense to other grunt workers but man it's got me.
the only thing i have is the fact i did get to do great things and see wonders in my younger years but it's hard to look at my own future with any happiness.
i'm hoping this will open doors to me and i will keep looking for others in hopes to find something i won't mind doing.
i'm hoping i might finally get the answer to the question of what on earth i am supposed to do.
has anyone else struggled with what they want to do?
how did you find your place?
sadly, my passions in life wouldn't create any careers for me.
i suffered depression for the first time a few months ago because my parents yelled at me for getting low marks and not being worth while.
after that day every time my parents scolded me i became more and more fragile.
i did battle it by taking care of myself but it is back again.
my heart feels unbearably heavy, don't have the motivation to work out anymore, video games don't satisfy me, i cry my eyes out every night listening to some sad songs.
i am craving for someone to love me and understand me.
but the fact that i have acne all over my face and body doesn't help, i feel  worthless.
i just want to close my eyes and never wake up again.
me: i have severe depression, insomnia, self-harm problems and suicide thoughts, psychotic episodes, epilepsy, anorexia, constant pain and isolationmy therapist: take a 30 minute walk everyday and drink orange juice, next appointment in 1 month and a halfthe ward doctor: they are people more unfortunate than you, stop acting entitled and get some hobbiesmy psychiatrist: have a new pile of meds that i'm sure will never work although you will certainly develop an addiction to them, making withdrawal painful, if you don't improve we're locking you in the ward againsuicide hotline: i called the police, you're going to be held into custody like a criminal until we find a ward where we can lock you up with insane people and segragate you from societymy mom: just have faith in god and all your problems will be magically resolveddad: i don't remember giving birth to youanyone else in my life: just stop being sad, it's not hardone of the "online" activists: i celebrate mental health month, i don't really want to help nor want to listen to other people problems, but pretending to care and sharing random quotes makes me feel good about myself
i just wish this world was less cruel to those who are struggling.
whether it's a stranger or someone you know.
that's it cause i'm honestly getting so tired of doing anything at all anymore
i'm gonna do it, i have a bottle of stuff and a whole lotta problems see you all on the toehr side 🤪
throughout my childhood i thought by the time i'm 27, i would have moved out of home, have a boyfriend, have a job and have some sort of life.
then when my depression got worse i didn't see myself living past 30 years old.
i am not happy where i am in life, i am 27 and i still live at home, i can't get a job even when i've applied to so many places.
i am overweight and can't seem to lose it and i have a boyfriend who i amazing but i can't stop putting doubts in my mind.
i just don't really want to live like this anymore or live at all.
i don't want to die because i am leaving behind too many responsibilities like my dog and my birds.
i am sick of being sick!!!
why can't i just have a normal brain instead of one that doesn't want to live?
i haven't talked to my dad in 3 weeks and today on mothers day, my mum cried and said she's lonely.
my dad is being a dick to her and she can't talk to my brother or sister and she talks to me.
but she said that i sometimes don't want to listen and then she has no one to talk to.
i told her it's not fair that she's putting it all on me.
she needs to talk to my dad about his behaviour or talk to a therapist.
she doesn't want to listen to that.
she said she's lonely and unhappy.
i don't know what to do about this.
i already feel guilty that i will leave her if i do ever move out.
but i can't stay here, my dad made my depression worse when we had our fight to the point of me cutting myself.
i haven't self harmed in years too.
i just couldn't stop my thoughts and i wanted to hurt myself.
gosh, i can't gather my thoughts and i fricken hate life.
i've been awake for a little while and i've just been laying here, stewing in depressing thoughts.
i got caught up in a pretty bad memory from around 8 or 9 months ago.
i was laying in bed with my (at the time) fiance and we were supposed to have a little movie date where we watched stuff together (we were long distance for the first year of our relationship and so these movie dates were very special to us, they're how we initially bonded), and she was just on her phone the whole time (with whom i'd later found out she'd been cheating on me with, and whom she would ultimately end up leaving me for) unaware of my existence.
this had become commonplace and it was very distressing for me.
i ended up getting out of bed to go hug our puppy and afterwards i just laid on the floor for a while.
it took her ten or twenty minutes to even realize i was out of bed.
i was crying quietly.
she hugged me and held me for a while and that was nice, but when we got up and got back in bed, she was immediately glued to her phone and oblivious to my existence again.
i felt so unwanted.
i've pretty much always felt unwanted.
by everybody, all of the time.
by friends and family, by the few romantic partners i've ever had.
i always feel like a burden, as though my presence is an imposition.
most people often have irritated or outright hostile reactions to my presence - like my mere existence is offensive to them.
it's so hard to deal with.
i just wish there was someone excited at the prospect of my existence, someone who reveled in time shared with me.
it's so painful to be so unwanted.
every one i met look at me badly and be agressive to me.
i just can t walk peacefully without someone stare at me or come to me agressvely like he want fight me, get nervous next to me.
i can t walk in a street without someone 20meters away stare at me stupidly until i pass him.
litterally every people make me angry face when i look at them and get stressed or look back at me agressively.
when i happen in a place peoples look at me so badly and begin to talk arrogantly to them litterally like they said to them omg we are so superior to this person.
do you feel the same ?
the title says it all.
i'm a 60 year old female and i've been depressed for as long as i can remember.
i remember specific times when i was 13 years old but i'm sure i knew something was wrong before then.
my family was a mess.
my father, though he lived with us was a total stranger.
i don't even know what he did for a living.
i honestly can't tell you why my parents wanted children.
it seemed they hated all of us.
i got married at 30 to someone i didn't love because i was getting old and wanted kids.
i had three children and i thought though i knew i wasn't happy, at least i was content.
i talked to people but they were mostly parents of my kids and my husband's friends.
it all caught up with me at about 40. i realized i was unhappy and didn't love my husband.
i tried to kill myself, was locked up and that was the end of the life as i knew it.
i lost all my friends, my husband, and my children think of me as an embarrassment.
my therapist dropped me and i never could trust another person.
the truth is, i really don't care.
i don't understand why any of us want to live in this world anyway.
i sometimes think everyone else who isn't depressed is just deluding themselves anyway.
with all the suffering and hate that goes around, why on earth would anyone want to live?
yes, i know.
i must have some hope.
i'm writing this right?
i don't know.
it's either this or lose my mind.
but what kind of life is this, anyway?
it seems the point of all mental health professionals is to keep you alive.
but if you're living in hell, what kind of life is this anyway?
nobody gives a shit about your mental health unless you're hot  or they want something from you
i'm a really kind and sweet and affectionate person, but i don't really show it all that often.
for a lot of reasons.
a lot of it has to due with my social anxiety and other social shortcomings, and a lot of it has to do with my abusive childhood.
i tend to withdraw often.
but even when i manage to find people i'm capable of opening up to, no one really wants to be very close to me for very long.
all i want is to love, and to be loved, but nobody wants any of my love, and certainly nobody wants to love me.
it's so sad and defeating.
small, simple things mean so much to me.
being able to hug someone.
to hold them.
i've been touch starved for so long.
in my early 20s i actually went over a year without ever touching another person - not even bumping into somebody in line at the grocery store, or brushing a cashier's hand accidentally.
and for most of the other years, and the last couple of my teenage years, i didn't get touched very much more than that.
it would be more common than not to have not touched anybody at all for weeks at a time.
or months.
i think about how that might've affected me, sometimes.
even growing up i was pretty touch starved - and certainly affection starved.
both toward me, but also in regards of expressing my own.
i was so affectionate as a young child but when my family split up and after all those years of trauma, neglect and abuse, it left me without anybody to express those feelings toward and an inability to kind of find anybody else to serve as a surrogate.
i dunno.
i'm in a relationship with someone - it's long distance - who isn't very affectionate, and sometimes i feel like my constant expressions of affection is just annoying to her.
she doesn't reciprocate often, and she gets put off with my enthusiasm and excitement when she tepidly does.
it's hard.
i dunno why i'm even writing all this out.
i'm just laying in bed, kind of morose, and it's on my mind.
life is hard.
i wish it was easier to be happy.
got almost a whole week off work due to state holidays.
also, its may, and may is probably the best month in our area.
weather was beautiful, people were getting on picnics with friends and shit.
what did i on this week?
fucking nothing.
i've barely got out of my apartment - only to get booze.
i've slept - like a lot, 12-14 hours per day.
i've played shitty pc games that i've already played thousand times.
i've wanked.
that's it.
such a fucking waste of time and opportunity.
i dont even know what to do anymore to feel atleast semi-okayish.
i know i have to sit and get through my issues, set some tasks and goals.
i just fucking cant.
i know that at this point i have to go to a doctor with worsened depression, but i just fucking cant.
there is no "support group" when you are in prolonged depression - everyone is just get tired at some point and stop reaching out for you.
even parents.
girlfriend left in october unable to deal with my "passivity" and "amorphousness" anymore.
i cant even blame them all at all.
i tried to quit drinking - but when i sober (like now) it becomes unbearable.
"nothing is good".
i dont even know what to say to a doctor.
"sir, i've been depressed my whole life, and now as 30 y.o.
i feel as if i might be vanishing".
shit sucks.
wallowing in self pity sucks.
but i fucking can't do anything about it
anyone feels the same?
like.. you just can't help but to feel like you're a mega failure at really everything.
you feel like such a fucking disappointment.
sometimes you think you don't  deserve anything and you don't even deserve to live because you're just so miserable at everything.
you always disappoint everyone around you.
at school, now at work.
everything you do start out promising and ends up a pile of trash.
i survived but didn’t try kill myself again.
my parents were ashamed of me and put me in therapy and currently only have $3000 now in my bank from previous jobs and it’s not enough to move out from my parents home.
why did i think life was going to be better after high school?
it’s a joke.
living is a sick joke and now i’m too much of a coward to put myself out of my misery.
i am so tired of this man.
so tired.
i hate this life i have,i hate eveything around me,i have no one.
i so tired of feeling so fucking lonely,so fucking ugly, so fucking sad and empty.
i don't feel like i have anyone on this world.
i feel every i am in a big crowd and no one notice me.
i am failing thia year, whatever i don't care at all anymore.
i am living actually im germany but i am romanian.
i am here for almost 2 years.
i have no friends,i tried get along with my classmates but no one fits and got to the point it gets me tired to even talk with anyone.
i hate this environment i live.
my parents fight everyday,my dad is a fucking asshole who's talking with another woman for years,even lived with her for a while when me and my mom been separated from him like 2 3 years ago.
i am so tired to wake up hearing my mother crying.
i am so tired everyone having this expectations from me.
i should work after i finish this year but i barely get out of bed.
i hate doing nothing but in the same time i want change things but they never get to change,nothing changes in better.
i've lost all my friends or just lost contact,i never went actually out with anybody from when we moved here,everyone got away from me, i am so tired hearing,seeing how good they are doing,yes maybe i am envy , envy living in this shithole for so long.
i don't feel nothing to do anymore, i feel just dead, a empty body working on auto pilot everyday.
i just want to die.
been like this for years and i just hate it.
i don't feel any urge to change or wait or start over again anything.
i am so tired already of living.
yeah maybe i want a better life but that shit is not for me,and if it will be sometime i am so done waiting.
i so tired to wake up with this feeling of loneliness and emptiness,feeling like dying,laughing every fucking day by myself at stupid memes n videos,making jokes by urself.
so tired overthinking and having this stupid flashbacks everyday with those fucking ppl who just live their life just as fine.
my tears are dried and i feel dead.
i just wanna die and escape this thing called life,nothing really matters anymore does it.
and what i hate the most i became at the point when i can't even get in that phase to be toxic and live and have fun and put that mask on my face and pretend everything is fine,im too tired for that shit.
right when i spend the last 9 months getting my act together, rebuilding good habits, and feeling better, it all comes crashing down and i have to start all over again.
i finally tried last night, it didn’t work.
nobody in my life knows, should i tell anyone?
i really want to but i also don’t want anyone to worry about me because there is honestly no need to.
i’m okay.
what should i do
that's all.
thank you for reading.
considering that you could call a disease smart:it makes you feel like you are a complete failure in life and that you can’t accomplish anything, while simultaneously making sure that you don’t have the energy to actually do anything.
sometimes i wonder how different my life would be if i grew up differently.
i never realized how growing up with any type of abuse can spoil so many things.
i just often remember feelings and emotions i never want to feel again, with certain memories playing over and over again and the same nightmares coming back to wake me.
i remember how when certain things happened i couldn't even stand up for anyone or myself and all i was able to do was beg, and i just hate that.
i became a people pleaser who cant make their own decisions.
i cut ties and relationships because i can never feel good enough and i might as well end it early because i know for sure that i'm a waste of time.
i doubt people's intentions and have trust issues because i've learned that even someone who tells you that they love you so much can act like they really want to hurt you.
i sometimes feel like such a cold person who cant express emotions normally because whenever i cried i was "such a pain" or "too sensitive and dramatic."
i am so toxic to myself that i feel like i'm slowly killing whoevers left.
these intense flashbacks and me zoning out and feeling down scares me and has to stop... i've been conditioned to hide my emotions and i think i've been doing it well so far, but sometimes i'm scared i'll just break down completely and i'll do something bad.
i just grew up into hating myself and feeling like the most worthless and useless person, proudly telling myself everyday how worthless, ugly, and disgusting i am.
i just don't know what to do and i don't want to tell anyone i know because i'm embarrassed.
but it hits me so hard sometimes and i get so scared.
if i can relive my life again i would do anything to do so.
it’s gotten increasingly bad over the last few months and i might be thinking that i’ve hit rock bottom but then i keep falling even further down and nothing seems worth it anymore for the amount of energy that i have left
like i don’t know how to explain it , before i used to be an a grade student without even trying that much ( like almost 0 studying for exams n i was completely fine) and now i find it hard to even answer simple questions like i genuinely don’t know the answer to them.
my brain is either super slow or my mind in just completely blank and this feeling is frightening.
( on top of this my memory is also horrendous, like if you asked me what i had for breakfast yesterday i probably wouldn’t be able to tell u or would take me a good 2-3 minutes )
yesterday morning i packed my things and drove 1500 kms with full intention of never returning.
i was going to keep driving and driving until i couldn't anymore and then end it.
my mother was the only one who actually noticed my absence and after the 4th voicemail my conscience got the better of me and i turned around.
i didn't peace out for attention but i think it's funny how not a single friend of mine even realize how close they came to losing me.
not a single message from anyone in the 16 hours of driving i did.
i'd wager a week could go by and still no one would know or even care.
it's absolutely pathetic.
i'm struggling to rationalize any reason not to just leave again.
i'm in my 30s and it's always been this way ever since i was a kid.
it's no one's fault, no outer forces making my life like this; it's me.
and as long as i'm stuck having to live in my own skin my life will always be full of heartbreak and loneliness.
there's no light at the end of the tunnel.
this world is so much more darwinian than anyone ever wants to admit and unfortunately i'm one of the rejects.
i'll never be good enough for anyone.
i've been trying to improve my life with hard work but it's futile because as long i am fundamentally me no one will ever want me.
there's nothing to live for; nothing to work for and persevere for.
i'm worth nothing and that's the truth.
that's reality.
the pain is too muchi just cut myself everything i do is wrong everyone hates me i wish i had a gf i wish i was a pretty girl with short hair i’m useless i’m jealous of everyone that can create stuff i wanna fucking die so bad i hate it here  i wish i was someone else i feel nothing but pain i can’t stop crying i don’t want this infinite hell anymore i want this pain to stop i wish i was 18 everyone’s always better than me
i'm 39 and i've always dealt with massive depression.
my coping mechanism was always exercise and i'm to broke to own a car so i'd bike commute everywhere.
unfortunately five years ago i was in a bike accident the result of which made sex impossible.
at the time i was in love and in a new relationship but that was cut short.
i dealt with the deep depression and suicidal ideation from that and just barley resigned myself to a life alone without relationships.the loneliness was sometimes unbearable but i kept myself busy with other things tried to find other focuses in life.
i unfortunately have no college degree and a just slightly above minimum wage job so my career is non-existent.
a month ago i injured myself lifting an i now have a hiatal hernia that's reduced my already low quality of life to zero.
the hiatal hernia pushes the stomach through the esophagus and i'm basically spewing acid all day long.
it's bad enough that they want to perform surgery but the operation is a nightmare and everywhere i look the outcomes are not great.
life limiting in either direction.
high probability of permanent constipation.
i have to sleep propped up on a special pillow or else i'm in severe pain all night.
food was one of few joys for me and now i can't eat anything but the most bland foods at very specific times.
even the prescription antacids i'm on don't help.
i've decided this is no way to live.
even if by some miracle the surgery isn't botched, i'm severely limited to what i can do in life.
i suppose i'm a coward in some way, but i can't bear it any longer.
if anything this has just forced something i've thought of many times before.
in the past, suicidal ideation could be somewhat of a comfort during hard times, but it feels very different now that it's real for me.
now that i can't even lay down on my back without excruciating pain and internal damage.
i've spent long hours researching the best least painful options for me, most feel very gruesome.
obviously.
i thought about hanging myself several times but i don't think i could do it without messing up.
instead i've decided i'm going to take a bunch of mushrooms, go down to the ocean early in the morning while it's still cold, wade out with a life jacket so i can drift off and let hypothermia take me without the panic of drowning.
if it was still winter i'd go up into the mountains and do the same.
i have nothing and no one and rather this than squeaking out an even more painful physical existence for next decade or so.
i know i’m not supposed to have this app but i downloaded it just for this reason.
i need help.
i am 14 years old and i don’t want to be alive anymore.
my parents care about my grades then my mental or physical help.
i love my parents a lot and there amazing in every cagegory except when it comes to school.
i can’t live up to there expectations and i can’t stand that there so disappointed in me.
i get grounded and lectured because i don’t get the best grades like i used too before online school.
they always say “i know you can do better than this” but i really fucking can’t.
also i’ve been hopping schools do to bullying and covid which had made it really hard to meet friends that aren’t online.
in the real world i’m completely alone because the only time i see my classmates is through a computer screen.
but i have so many friends online and they make me happy.
but whenever my parents get the slightest bit unhappy with me they shut off the wifi entirely and cut all my social contact.
this means it’s hard to keep plans and keep steady and realignment friends because no one knows when i’ll just be shut off without warning.
i can’t explain al in detail but i help people with mental problems like anxiety and depression and talk with them like a junior therapist but they always give me all there problems to deal with and normally that’s fine i like to help people,  but recently it’s too much and i can’t handle all of there problems.
but at the same time i can’t just ghost them because then they wouldn’t have any one to talk too, i feel like my life is so meaningless that my only purpose it to make sure others around me are happy, recently my parents have been more strict and i’ve spent less and less time with my friends which had brought back habits like cutting and not eating.
i fell so lonely all the ducking time and my depression anxiety and adhd are not making it any better.
i can’t explain in full detail all the shit in my life that’s happening but a lot more than this.
i’m really struggling to find a reason to get up every day.
i am so fucking lonely and i just want some realll friends.
what’s the point in living anyway if it’s just hell and pain until you die.
i don’t understand i can’t take it any more, i see these people with perfect lives in the real  life and it fictional stories.
if any lne sees this ill make another post and ask about other things but really just wanted to vent and ask for help.
ok sorry if this is a pain to read
ever just be depressed as fuck, but unable to cry?
my first exam is in a week and i'm not prepared, i have so many things to do but i've been procrastinating because of anxiety and other stuff.
i have no excuses, i know.
today's harder than ever.
i tried to look at my notes and just broke down in tears, the weather also sucks, since it's sunday many stores are closed here and i live in the city, i'm usually used to the sound of traffic, people walking around and running their errands, it keeps me company somehow.
today i just wanna shut the world out, maybe go for a long walk, buy myself a treat or something but sense of guilt is through the roof and i'm panicking.
i can't see straight.
still feel the same.
nothings changed and i’m still a trainwreck.
business as usual...
i feel so pathetic in my life and i'm so afraid of everything.
i'm afraid to have relationships of any kind which is why i turn my back on all my friends cuz i didn't think i deserved to have any.
i've been addicted to porn for about as long as i can remember.
or some form and i don't know why i have always been really into like the really hardcore stuff..... i don't think i need to tell you guys what i mean by that.
my entire life i've always been into like tying things up and i don't know why i feel this way.
i used to also torture animals but i never tied them up or anything i never killed any of them...... i'm sad that i used to do the things that i used to.
i wish i was never even born......🤦 i never been laid but i am not in incel and i probably never will be because i'm too afraid to go out and have relationships.
i recently got back into magic the gathering but that's starting to fade again.
the only thing that brings me comfort in any real  shape or form is watching porn because it makes me feel like a person.....real almost.
my cat that had been with me my entire life died last year on february 1st and everyone has just completely forgot about him and got a shitty dog.
i hate the dog so much yet i am expected to care for it?
fuck that.
not to mention that everyone thinks that the dog is better.
how?
my cat actually cuddles with you and didn't get aggressive or too hyper when you played with him.
yet this shitty dog runs away when anyone but my dad touches him and intentionally tries to piss everyone off.
yeah that's totally 100% better.
what pissed me off the most is when i mentioned that it had been 1 year since my cat died they all laughed and asked me why i still cared.
i'm going to end up killing the shitty dog so i can laugh at them when they're crying.
i know that this has got a bit violent but it's just how i feel at the moment and i had to vent.
looks like i spent most of the night, again, watching videos and reading articles on different mental health issues.
once again i caught myself looking at the local list of psychologists.
it reminded me of a conversation i had with a guy i game with where he said, "i noticed that i didn't feel like my normal self."
that got me to thinking what my "normal self" actually is.
it's been so many years now; i just don't know.
i don't remember what it felt like to just be happy for a whole week or even just a whole day.
i realized all i have are blips of happiness, maybe longer lasting contentment, then the morose nothingness of indifference.
it's hard to consider therapy at this point i feel.
i imagine i'd just be wasting time a doctor could spend helping someone actually seeking to get better.
it would be neat to be a clinical study maybe.
i feel i might make an interesting patient to the inquisitive mind.
narcissistic, i know...  still.
we all want to think of ourselves as unique and special.
i am just so tired of suffering.
it's been so long since i didn't hurt.
i enjoy nothing anymore.
everything is just routine; no passion.
i see myself watching years go by wondering what the point of it is anymore.
i wish you all a good weekend though.
if you have someone in your life go hold them.
i have never had that someone in my life and right now it is desperately all i want.
just someone to hold me and tell me it's alright and that tomorrow is going to be ok.
i think that's all i need.
just that one little lie to get me through another year.
i was cutting and my sister knocked on my door to come in.
luckily i was able to hide my legs under the covers on my bed.
it just makes me feel terrible, having to hide my cutting because i don’t want anyone to know i can’t handle myself.
i don’t even know why i cut, i always feel guilty afterward and like i’ve failed again.
i just hate myself and honestly, i don’t want to live anymore.
i know i need to get help, but i really don’t want to go to a psych ward again.
i’ve been through so much, so many medications that haven’t changed anything.
really, i just want the pain to stop.
i kept having this third view of seeing myself banging my head on the wall very hard if it would bleed, jump off from the third floor of my family's house, drown my own self in the bathroom and many other things that i could think of and the cycle just repeats every day as my problems gets worst and worst.
i'm afraid that i might end up killing myself but i don't want my siblings to see the weak me, in a state where i'm just lying dead in front of them.
a lifeless body who can't fight anymore.
at this point, i don't even know what to do anymore.
it scares me how i keep seeing my dead body over and over again that it's making me hysterically laugh.
 i really hate my life, mainly i hate where i live  , nothing brings me  joy anymore other than food .
if i didn't have restrictive tendencies i  would be obese just to cope with the pain
how do you deal with situations where you have a goal which you always wanted to achieve and your parents just tell you that you are never gonna get it
i don't know how to start this but i have no one else to talk to.
i have friends that always told me that they would always be there for me, but the thought that they would give me their time instead of using it for themselves always bother me.
don't get me wrong, i appreciate their efforts but being there for me makes me feel that i'm just a nuisance for them.
these past months i've been feeling off after what happened.
i lost the love of my life and i've been having a hard time coping.
i tried to divert my attention by doing things i love to do before things go shitty.
my eating and sleeping pattern way off than it used to be.
i feel everything is going off the rails since that day and i don't know what to do with my life now.
sorry if this makes you feel confused but i'm confused as well hahaha.
i just typed what goes into my head while.
my depression has reached a new level where everything seems absolutely futile.
i’m on antidepressants now for about two months which is greatly helping my symptoms such as no energy, lack of appetite, brain fog and i feel i can function semi normally.
but it doesn’t change the fact that life feels like i’m just waiting to get through till the end.
i don’t want to die and i used to love life and think it was a beautiful, amazing experience but for the last two years my depression has steadily gotten worse.
thankfully my antidepressants are allowing me to go through the motions of day to day living and is helping me to get through uni and attempting to make new friends and establish myself in my country of birth, due to covid.
but i feel like i don’t resonate with anyone and besides that i don’t feel i have much to say.
i feel like i’m waiting for something to happen, a moment, a new passion, a person to come along to help raise me up, to inspire me, but no one and nothing has come and i can’t be bothered to try anymore.
life seems like one big act which i don’t want to play in anymore.
i don’t know why i’m writing this, i suppose to see if anyone can relate because it makes me feel less alone.
is depression just a state of mind?
or is it just a fate i find?
maybe i look lazy but that bullshit isn’t it, you blind?
i’m not trying to be rude, but yeah i’m feeling really screwed all of these intrusive thoughts…now feels like i’m being boo’ed have all those intrusive thoughts, and those thoughts are fucking crude some of those intrusive thoughts are really rather fucking lewd have lots &amp; lots of fucking thoughts, yeah thats what i fucking said hope ya don’t assume shit, cause i sit here in my bed do i need to smoke some weed, or maybe get a fucking med?
hope ya don’t assume shit…cause no i’m not a lazy bum, so that assumption, lose it.
did i fucking choose it ?
maybe, but i think notmaybe i should drink shot or maybe i could eat a pill or maybe smoke…i think not cause smoking it can cause chokingand choking it can cause croaking and when i tell you i’m depressed…i was never damn joking.
i do things that i used to enjoy and i try to hang out with my friends but i feel so empty.
my workload eased off and no i have free time during the day but nothing i do makes me feel any better.
i just want to be distracted again..
at this point my life feels like my hands are tied to some moving vehicle and i'm just being dragged along.
no room to rest.
no room to breathe.
no room to even think.
i just can't keep up.
i hope it ends soon, one way or another.
i cover my depression up but sometimes i'm not very cheery and most recently because of my autistic step kids and my newborn daughter, i have been constantly trying to maintain things as best as i can and often failing.
my partner thinks i'm simply neglecting her but it's much more complex.
i'm exhausted and sick to my fucking mind but i hold it together to make sure the wheel keeps turning.
the silent treatment is really really excruciating.
writing about it helps.
i'm sure things will change for the better.
hey,i'm not english native, sorry in advance if you find some mistakes in the text.
i tried as much as possible to correct myself.
i spent a huge amount of time reading posts here, and i noticed that few years later, people came back to re-discover the posts they made, which seems very interesting to me.
i want to write it down somewhere too.
i plan to read it in few years, like a book.
will put in "\[text\]" the notes i discovered years later.
tl;dr : lol.
not even sorry.
\-----1) early life/behavioursince i'm born, i'm a lonely wolf.
i was a quiet child, playing in my room without a lot of noises, never yelling or crying according to my mom and my whole family.
my mom usually had to check on me if i still was in my room, or if i was hungry etc.
+ i was a good student, good marks (until 12-13yo), never disrespectful towards teachers (or anybody).
i was just too quiet and never ask to participate in classroom.
\[i'm still a lonely wolf today, i really need time alone to feel good, playing games or just talking to myself or not talking at all for few hours, nothing related with depression.
plus, i now tend to be rude to people, felling jealous about what i had to do to be "normal" when they complain about her coffee being a bit too cold or stuffs like this\]my parents divorced when i was 8. let's say my early life ends there.
before that, the only memories i have are:\- no memories about my father\- my mother struggling to help my with homework\- my brother being the bad boy at home (he's 6years older), and getting bad grades\- school being easy and i'm not interested into making friends, i used to watch the cars at the window or doing exercises (i remember maths only, dunno why) \[i was more mature than other kids of my age, so they seemed boring to me\]\- at home i usually spent a lot of time alone as my parents were busy arguing (pre-divorce "gift")\[i was too young to figure out what the divorce was, that's why my memories seem random, but today i know why i have these specific memories\]\--------2) divorce and post divorceafter the divorce, my brother and i were going to with my father.
the news i had were : we lack a lot of money that our mother stole, she disappeared and didn't want to see us again, my father would work a lot (4am-9pm) to get money at home.
once again, i wasn't very impacted, i was still playing video-games, getting good grades, and i was still silent and polite.
at this time, it spent many hours per day playing videogames (diablo ii, warcraft iii) and nothing else.
at this time, i was playing with older people online, and it was nice.
i saw my mother, about 10-15 days in 10 years.
i didn't get why i had to go to her place if she wasn't interested in seeing us.
my brother was angry to her, refusing to visit her, i usually went alone and as i was a child, i mostly... played with toys/games.
was a bit weird to see her as i thought she left us, but i didn't care that much, i was only interested into playing.
but when i came home, i always had my father talking bad about my mother, saying she tried to buy me when i had new toys or when we went to the restaurant.
at this time, i obviously had no link with my mother, and i slowly lost it with my father too.
\[my mother was the one who had no money, and had to create a whole new life, plus spending all her freetime crying about the situation and trying to get us back, when i went to her place, it was a very good moment for her, even if i was only playing and eating at restaurant, she didn't know what to do else.
my mother's family told her i was stubborn af and i'd never fall into my father's propaganda despite my brother.
they were right.
i guess at this time i lost my self-esteem, i was used by both my parents to their advantage without even thinking about my feelings\]obviously, i was like a nerd, i never used my phone even if i was lucky to have one at this time, i never went out to see friends or even seeing the sun.
my life was playing video-games, showing the teacher i understand the lesson and looking at my brother trying to cook basic meals.
(note: my father was working hard, so my brother and i were alone in the house 90% of time, as he only came to sleep on weekdays and only being there on weekends + i was in a bad area, other kids were rly bad at school, i wasn't a genius, just a serious kid.)
at this time, i didn't feel depressed.
but everything was set up.
\[i learnt years later that my father manipulated us and my mother to separate us.
he told her we weren't there or didn't want to see her, and he told us she left without giving news.
my mother tried to find a legal solution, but it took sooo long.
i got 18 before the process could end.
the divorce was asked by my mother, because of my father's drinking issues.
seems he spent more time drinking than working while my brother and i were struggling on how to cook a frozen pizza.
talking about my brother, my father's propaganda worked a lot of him, because my father said thing like "you can't have gift for your birthday because of your mother's divorce", luckily i wasn't impacted as i never expect anything for my birthdays or in general\]\----3) the depressionwhen i got around 12, i went to middle school, i discovered a new world, as the building was also a high school and had superior student.
i was a young man facing 20yo people.
was a shock for me, i only knew my videogames and some basic school stuffs.
and from now, many lessons/subjects, many student, many personalities (it was a private school, and i came from a public elementary school).
at this time, the worst episode of my life began.
people in this school were huge groups, and when you have a little nerd not talking, it's easy to insult/criticize him.
\+ important point, i smelled bad everyday, didn't know why, even few hours after taking a shower.
\[discovered at about 17 that i had a malformation, i can now control it, only my wife is impacted now as we live together\]i was the guy who smelled bad since elementary school (from 6yo to 16-17yo).
i was rejected by everybody, even the teachers started to ask if i took shower everyday.
was unbearable.
the students always found a way to be united against me.
at this time, i started a depression, but i kept it in my mind, because i just never thought about any advantage of talking about it to someone else (rather than myself), i just focused on video-games to escape this reality.
my self-esteem reached 0% at this time.
once, i replied to a guy that i could kill him if he did not shut up, in front of my whole male class (we were in changing room before sport).
he thought i'd be afraid to get hit, but i ran like an animal on him, i wanted to fight to release the pressure.
i realized he was afraid of me even before hitting him.
other boys went to separate us.
at this time, i realized i have the power.
i could take a decision i want even if it's not objectively a good one.
the next year, at 13. i had two bad events (in addition to the one above).
my teachers were very bad, like 18th century teacher, or teacher giving bonus points to exams if you have a beautiful textbook (i was a nerd with no parental education, my textbooks were a bunch of drafts).
so my grades started to fall down for no reason.
+ my father started to meet other women, the week-ends we were alone with my brother or worse, we had to meet his changing new girlfriend (and their kids, friends etc.)
so i got less and less time alone.
so i was less and less happy.
he finally met a girl, who had an identical life.
a perfect match.
at this time, i started to notice that she was drinking a lot, and i slowly noticed that my father did it too.
in the evening we could hear them laughing, talking out loud or....having fun until late in the night.
i made my first review of myself at 13, just before my birthday (i remember a picture of me taken with my birthday cake while watching straight to the camera and thinking "i'm really not good rn").
this is an important picture to me, as it is the farthest memory of me felling depressed.
i probably was before, but can't remember precisely.
from there, i don't have a lot to comfort me:\- school grades were going bad (i was expected to fail my year)\- school relations were the worst (i was known by everybody for bad reasons)\- my father was absent, spending his free-time drinking or with his gf, my grades weren't that bad for him as he never understood the point of studying.
\- my brother was as lost as me, but as he was older, the spent time on parties drinking and taking drugs.
(bad ending, don't do drugs.)
\- i have my "issue", and i don't know how to act with, and everybody (family, other students included) thought i was just a teenager who does not take showers.
\-this situation made me realize i also couldn't resolve anything, i did nothing in my life except playing video-games, literally nothing, i don't listen to music, i don't watch movies, i don't watch tv, i don't get out.
like during the covid, but during my whole life and without internet.
and this point, leads me straight to a deep depression.
\[this situation was unfortunate bad events showing up at the same time, but the biggest issue to me at this time was "not being like other kids" who went to cinema, got fashion clothes, had some love relationships, etc.
and seeing that my youth will never be the same.
today's life is still impacted by this issue, i often don't know simple things people know since childhood + my father was drinking more than usual since he met his gf, as he spent less time working, and more time at home\]on my family side, my fathers decided to stop working a lot to have a normal life with his gf, whom he married.
so he had less money for gifts, but more time for drinking.
\[once again, money wasn't an issue itself, he got a lot of money by working, but he spent all of it in alcohol, leaving nothing left for us.
my brother and i now have 1001+ stories about all the lies/situation we had, like once he went on a week vacation with his second wife, and emptied the fridge, leaving me alone for 2 days with nothing to eat except olive oil and some half-eaten butter.
he even took the sponges!
i was still a student with 0 money at this time (obviously).
or when he tried to say that i had a handicap to allow me not to go to school and look for a job.
so i could help him financially.
i never invited anybody to my house because i was ashamed to show my father to anybody\]\-----4) the suicid attempt\[not a long part, but was the separation between my early life and today's life, so it deserves a whole chapter\]remember when i said i had the power to take decisions ?
when i was 14, i was fully depressed, but my brother was trying to leave the house so he didn't saw me falling, and my father was drinking.
at school, they were shocked that i went from top 10% best student to 10% worst in 1 year, they didn't know what to do except menacing me to be expulsed from this private school.
(my father paid for it, and it was tough for him to pay something for me, so he was kinda ok to put me back to public school)one day, as i was walking to school by feet (my father didn't pay for bus/bike obviously), i stopped by.
i asked myself : 'do i want to go to school ?"
then "do i want to go home ?".
"what do i want" ?
leaving my life ?
yes."
we had recently moved out to a new town, but near enough for my school.
i knew how to go to school, but i didn't know the city at all.
+ i'm really bad a orientation.
even today.
so, i decided a simple plan.
i knew a couldn't try to kill me with a knife or medication, because i couldn't with 100% chance one-shot me (i learnt it from video-games) so i had to find a perfect solution.
it was to get lost. "
what if i walk straightforward, taking sometime to the left, or right, lost in my thoughts ?
i'd be totally lost, until i die and obviously cannot go back as i am bad at orientation and have no phone."
the plan was perfect.
nobody could follow/find me as i had no plan, no goal.
but, it worked so well, that i didn't notice that i was on the main road leading straight to my house.
my brother randomly found my while driving in the city, looking for me.
i'm not able to make the difference between a small dead-end road and a huge street full of cars.
sounds crazy today, but i almost never left my house, i didn't know.
\[i learnt a lot of things:- my fathers just drank a bottle when school called him to announce i wasn't at school, and thought i was just a stupid teenager that would go back home when i'd be hungry.
- my mother got called by my brother, and came to my house after several years without any news-i almost told nothing about why i left the house to the policemen, nurses and my family, i only said after 5-6 hours of silence that i had issue with my father.
i when to a psychologist, and after 1 session, i noticed this one was freaking bad.
she explained me that she would be a parrot between my father and me, she thought i wanted to talk to him, lol.\]\----5) waiting ?
surprisingly, no apocalypse after this.
i just changed school to a public one, so my grades went back again (no textbook checking anymore, only classic exams).
i met the nerds group of this new school, and i'm still playing video-games at home.
this was almost a good thing i tried to leave.
my father and his new wife remain the same, drinking and not really paying attention to us, as long as we don't cause troubles that would cost money.
personally, i began to change, i wanted to fight, i wanted to be alone, to find a solution to all my issues.
i wasn't the quiet/shy boy anymore, life is shit, and i'll shit on it.
not even sorry.
at 15-16, i reach high school.
i'm quite a good student as i'm way less disruptive and got better grades and most of the students.
(at this time, i never did any homework or learnt any lesson since my parents divorced) i also start to control my smelling issue.
but obviously, it's not easy everyday to keep up the good habits.
anyway, the elementary/middle school was the worst period of my life, and i was decided not to be fucked up 3 mores years.i fought two times, once with a high school student for no real reason and second time with a random guy who tried to steal my phone on the street.i met a girl who was shy af, looked like me when i was young, lost in this school, wishing to get her diploma as fast as possible.
when i spoke to her, she was surprised a man would find interest in her (other than she's the smart little girl who cries when we yell at her).
\[what i thought was love, was only compassion.
but once again, i didn't know.
important sentence for the the final thoughts at the end\]i knew i had to leave my father's house asap, my studies were a total mess.
i only thought about leaving the house, i lied about getting a diploma \[which is still never told to anyone\] and looked for a job at 20yo.
i got my fake diploma in january 2nd.
i left my father's house on january 7th.
i lived at my gf's house for several months, then in september we went in our first flat as i was working since few months.
\[a good point is that i was not a fool, i managed in 1 year to make my manager leaving the team to get his job\].
i left a note for my father saying i leave because of his drinking issues, but according to my brother and neighbors, they only thought i was manipulated by my gf.
my father never met his two grandchildren until this day, maybe a picture leaked from fb, but that's all.
\------6) the first day of the rest of my lifeso, until today.
i tried to get back everything i didn't have in my childhood, watching movies i never seen, spending money for my happiness (was hard to buy my netflix subscription).
i can't even hold a glass of alcohol in front of my children, i have a driving license since 2014 but i still drive like a teenager.
many reminders of my early life, not talking about the "hoo, i remember that candy when i was a kid, don't you ?"
no, i had no childhood.
i met my mother since i left the house, we discussed a lot and i decided she was a nice person, even if i'll never see her as a mother.
she saw her grandchildren and is very happy, she even has news from my brother.
the wheel of fortune reversed at her advantage.
i noticed i have severe self-esteem issue until today.
my wife naturally adapted her behavior and know i'm like a child to her, she often yell for nothing, which should lead to an argue as a couple, but i still can't' do that.
she wanted kids, i didn't, now we have 2 children.
about children.
i love them both.
like really, since i'm a father i really want them to have a normal life, and being there for them when they will be sad.
i sincerely do my best to give them a good education.
the older one is at school now, and seems not to be shy at all even if he's 1year younger, he's full of energy and loves to play with me, he gets angry sometimes (when we serve green vegetables), something i almost never did, i guess that's a good point for him.
the second one is still young today, but we found how to make her laugh, so everything is going well.
i don't want to leave them alone as a was.
&amp;#x200b;but since i'm a father, i realized nobody else is of interest to me.
even myself, i still don't like to do things for me, like deciding where to go for holidays, or choosing a restaurant, etc.
i know what i want, but i still can't say it out loud.
even my wife, i have seen her as the path to escape my past life, and now the mother of my kids, no love involved.
tbh, she also has some troubles, she was a brilliant student and thinks she is "superior" to other people.
and i'm not helping.
so i often see my wife arguing with my kids when she is tired because he's making noises while playing with his toys.
she usually sleep in the afternoon because at this time my son is tired too, and easily crying/yelling.
leaving me alone to deal with him.
i sleep about 5hours per night, while she easily reach 12-13h since the covid happened.
and obviously, i'm getting grounded when  i do something she doesn't like (example, cooking pizza when she wants something else, but obviously, i'm not allowed to wake her up to ask)my only wish is almost the same as always: being alone, with myself... and my kids.
my wife is a good reminder of that.
she's the last thing from my past life.
&amp;#x200b;\-------7) final thoughts + updates?
today i feel like an old man waiting for the cancer to kill him, while giving love to his kids/grandkids and totally not thinking about himself.
i'm 27yo today.
i don't want to change (i mean, seeing a psychologist) because i know i'd have to divorce if i want to heal properly (i need to be alone, that's the main condition for me to feel good).
and i don't want my children to live this.
i'll wait maybe 20-25 years (when they'll leave the house) to really decide if i want a good ending or a bad one.
being a father is something unexpected that will restraint my dark ideas for years.
i love my children.
&amp;#x200b;i don't expect any answer, or just some grammar correction if someone else read that.
this post is like a photo album, will come sometimes to remind me of some events, maybe i'll add updates next years or rewrite some chapters.
dunno yet.
i have this one "friend" and i hate him so much.
he knows i'm depressed but still acts like a douchebag.
he texts me every other week to see how i'm doing ans he greets me with stuff like "are you still with us" and puts laughing emojis, even though he knows i'm suicidal.
also everytime i vent to him he leaves me on delivered, because he said he "wants me to calm down" so then he doesn't reply to me for a few days and the cycle continues.
and whenever i don't talk about depression he thinks that i don't have it anymore and that i'm cured if i laugh or some dumb bullshit like that.
we hanged out a few weeks ago and he told me "you don't seem depressed to me" and it made me so mad.
yesterday, i told him i hated the world and that i want to die.
i straight up told him i'm done and his reply was "wait do you hate me too" and i replied with "i hate everyone, i just can't do this anymore" he said "ok go fuck yourself, i tried to help you, see ya retard".
one time i sent him a picture of my cuts, because idiot me trusted him when he said he wouldn't show anyone and that the secret would stay between us.
later i find out he shared the picture to other people behind my back.
i’m doing my annual room clean out which is where i gut my entire room out.
i am kinda messy in the process, to be honest.
like for the past couple of days there’s been stuff all over my floor and even some stuff in the hallway and my brother’s room.
my parents have constantly been berating me for the past couple of days for having my room be a mess and for me taking too long.
although my mom has been somewhat nice to me sometimes.
i agree it’s a pain to have stuff all over the place, it was hard for them to walk in the hallway at some point in these past few days.
and my room had been a mess for many months and they’re sick of seeing it being a mess, especially considering that it’s one now more than ever.
i’m hoping to donate lots of stuff and throw lots of stuff out so that when i’m done my room will be far less of a mess and will hopefully stay like that.
idk, i’m feeling so crushed right now and a total loser to the point where it’s hard to move.
i’m also really tired.
my dad wants me out of the house.
hi, i have been really sad the last year or so and i cry almost everyday now.. on weekends or time off work it is particularly bad where it lasts almost the entire day.
it has been a lot anxiety focused but the last couple months i think it might have turned more sadness...does anyone have any advice on on anti-depressants?
\i also take medication for adhd\i don't know if i really want to try them again.
i have used them in the past (years ago) and have always got the numbness feeling/have no feelings... which i find hard to shake once you stop taking them.
i am just really struggling right now...
my friend (17f) is extremely suicidal and has been for a while and i really don’t know what to do anymore and i was wondering if anyone had any advice ?
i’ve tried everything and i’ve been there for her to vent to, tried giving her advice, and just talking to her about random stuff, but then nights like tonight she says that the only reason she didn’t kill herself today was because she couldn’t find her pills and then she took a nap.
i’m trying my best but i genuinely cannot handle it anymore because every time she texts me stuff like this it just makes my anxiety worse but i don’t want it to seem like i’m not there for her i just need a break even though i know she can’t just turn off her depression.
i feel like calling someone to check on her would just make this situation worse because if she gets hospitalized or something i know she’ll be extremely mad at me, and i dont feel comfortable telling any of our other friends because either they don’t know or if i tell them im worried they’ll then tell her what i said and then she’ll get mad at me and do something irrational because she has said multiple times she doesn’t want to see a therapist or anything even though thays probably the best option at this point.
i just can’t handle not being sure if i’m going to wake up and she’s going to be gone anymore and i don’t know what to do.
i'm in a fairly new relationship with my boyfriend.
i love him and he is so good to me.
he has dealt with depression for several years and is in treatment and doing quite well although at times he does have bad days (as he calls them).
when he does this he does not want to be around me and doesn't want me to see that side of him.
he said he thinks it would ruin our relationship.
he hasn't had to cancel plans with me except a couple of times.
when he does i have a hard time knowing how to deal with it.
i can't help being sad and disappointed and i'm not good at hiding how i feel so he usually knows.
then i feel like i'm not being understanding enough because i'm so disappointed and upset.
the thing is i don't know how to not feel like that.
also when this happens it makes me want to pull back my feelings a bit.
to protect myself from that disappointment.
i don't know how to explain it.
i want to be supportive to him, but i don't know how to and i have my own emotions i'm dealing with when this happens so then i want to protect myself.
how can i deal with this and support him in a way that is healthy for us both?
for some reason, my mood has really been crashing again lately and i'm starting to question if i have bipolar disorder or if i'm just entering another major depressive phase.
it's been about a month since my depression has gone from manageable to "struggle to get out of bed" again.
i am on lexapro, abilify and prozosin (for ptsd nightmares).
here are my dilemmas:\- i am a teacher and well behind on my lesson plans for the week.
do i take tomorrow (monday) off to get up to date and recover but miss out on human interaction?
\- no hobbies are bringing me joy and everything is exhausting me.
what can i do to get some energy back?
\- my doctor has suggested changing my antidepressant.
do i go down this route or stick it out with lexapro?
\- i am in counselling for ptsd twice a week and it's taking up a lot of time and mental energy.
do i suggest to my psychologist to slow down a bit or stick it out for another few weeks until the program finishes?
any opinions are good!
i am in my own head at the moment and need some external input.
the answer is no, i'm not planning to do anything right now.
i have bills to pay and people who depend on me and i would be an asshole to leave them at this point in time.
but when the situation is right, that's how i'll go.
i'm so done with being in this world.
yesterday i came to know that she already left for her hometown.
it  deeply pains me  for a simple farewell never happened.
back then she was so sweet  and gentle.
slowly she became cold  and distant.
i tried to give her space  but things  didnt went well .
moreso it became worse when i got drunk and i proudly told our dirty secret to someone.
it erupted her up to the point that she pushed me away.
from that moment up until now  my world is crumbling,she is my soul .
and now that shes gone ,miles aways ,separated by seas ,i lost my reason to live ,.
she is my soul.mirasol
i just moved to a new city where i have no friends and know barely anyone.
in march the love of my life broke up with me and i fell apart.
i tried to kill myself and spent 10 days in a psych ward.
i still miss them.
i didn't think i'd magically be happy by moving out here.
but i thought some combination of changing the material circumstances of my life might help.
i've been trying to take good care of myself.
i'm going for long walks every single day.
i'm taking my antidepressants and mood stabilizers and antipsychotic medications.
i'm eating good food.
i have a new, well-paying job.
i'm trying to stay in touch with the few friends i have back in my "old home."
i'm still really sad.
obviously we're still in the middle of a pandemic and it's not an ideal time to make such a significant life change.
but i'm having trouble even connecting with people on dating apps.
i don't think i'm extremely unattractive.
but i'm finding that there aren't as many people like me in this city as i thought there would be.
and i still miss my ex so fucking much.
i loved them.
i still love them.
we talked about moving here together.
i thought i'd spend the rest of my life with them.
i really want to be happy.
but i hate myself so much.
i want to be proud of myself for surviving and trying and "learning" and "growing."
i don't know.
when will it get better?
i used to be a good college student.
i got high scores in my courses, i had a good relationship with my classmates, and most importantly, i loved my school life.
everything changed in the second year of college.
i got depression and i started losing motivation to study and communicate.
i became anxious and painful.
i lost my friends and failed my courses, and my gpa went from the top to the bottom.
i was diagnosed with depression when my parents discovered my changes and sent me to the doctor.
i started my treatment and i started recovering.
i'm still fighting with depression today but i can at least get my things done.
but the thoughts of my life is ruined always haunt me.
i always fall into thinking that i used to be a good student with a good gpa and a good relationship.
i could become successful, maybe get into a better university for a master's degree, or get a job in a good company and started my own career.
but i ruined it all because of my weakness.
now my gpa is trash, people around me don't like me, my parents are disappointed, my future is gloomy, i can never become who i was.
sometimes i even wanted to end my life because "my life is already ruined".
i feel like i have lost the meaning of my life, and i have no reason to continue.
he is alone and thinking about the dark side of the future.
actually, i don't know how to help or motivate him to not think negatively, i am his gf and we are in long distance relationship for 6 months.
i know it's so hard to cope up with this world situation, mostly to him.
i am not there physically, so i really felt bad that i'm not there.
i live abroad in a country where i don't yet speak the language, but i need some options for getting help.
i am considering such a service as the waiting times in my case are quite big.
have you tried any of these?
are they good?
are they reliable or is it a cash grab?
i need it probably for long-term-ish; at least some months.
the other option is to look for something online from my home country.
i don't even really know how to start this off, i haven't been happy in what seems like a decade.
it started when me and my hs girlfriend broke up (my fault.)
and honestly i thought i'd recover but it seems to just weigh me down.
this isn't the reason for my writing, it's just one of the earliest times i could think back to before i stopped being the person i was.
i had friends, i was quick witted and well read, i didn't really have a problem with talking to people (atleast compared to what i am now.)
i ended up homeless for a little while when my moms landlord kicked us out, the landlady had alot of issues, needless to say we ended up in tents at a campground for a year until we were about to move to a small town after my mom got a car loan.
this new town is horrible, i don't drive so work is extremely limited, everyone here is the complete opposite of me (farmers, meth heads, low-tier gangmembers.)
i've been unemployed for 2 months at this point and the only available jobs are warehousing and manufacturing - jobs i've worked for years that have burnt me out but even those aren't calling me back with my years of experience.
i just, i don't want to work myself out of this.
i'm done trying to pull myself up and just get down again.
i started off poor as shit, my mom met a good duy after my father left and she cheated on him because she has issues regarding "bad boys" being her type.
ruined my fucking life for a dalliance with a gang banger, we lived good with my new dad, he was amazing, cared about us, provided a good living, he left when i was 13 after my mom had us move in with her and her piece of shit boyfriend.
my whole life has been highs and lows, it's never been constant.
i have crippling social anxiety from a mixture of being bullied, generally overbearing and controlling parent (mom) and what not.
my social skills are completely drained at this point because i just... didn't want to be around other people after my girlfriend and i had broken up so i just shut myself in.
i know what i need to do to get better, but i have no want or willpower to do it, i would be content to stop existing at this very moment.
i don't want empathy, i know people go through what i do on a daily basis, i don't want opinions on how to fix my situation - i've known for awhile.
i just don't want any of this anymore.
i don't want money, i dont want a family, i dont want nice things, i don't want to work some bullshit job anymore just so i can barely afford rent and basic things and i sure as shit don't want to spend years and get myself into debt for the offchance of finding a good job with some bullshit degree.
why is this so fucking hard, i feel like people are swimming by me and i'm just barely able to keep my head above water, stuck in the same fucking spot just barely keeping from drowning.
and the response to this?
"swim harder" "just try a little harder" ive been trying my entire fucking life, telling myself "this doesn't define me" "i can make myself better" "i can undo what's been done by just being better" it.
hasn't.
worked.
i have no friends, and i don't blame them.
i can't converse with people anymore, my mind just goes blank and reverts to small talk bullshit that noone likes.
i don't follow up with people because i noticed if i don't message them first they'll just not talk to me anymore.
at this point my mom is the only thing keeping me going, but she's fucked in the head worse than i am, thinking she's psychic and shit and everything to do with her just drags me down even more.
i can't do this anymore as much as i want to.
i have no want to do good things anymore, i have no desire to be a better person or make myself into who i thought i'd be.
i want to die.
i started feeling down, and after talking to my therapist realized people don't know how i feel and what i need unless i open up and ask.
so i tried, multiple times.
have said i am sad, have asked if i really suck at everything, have said i can't see anything positive in myself, hell how now even asked why am i ignored each time.
still always ignored.
all this did was make me feel more alone and everything.
someone i thought was my best friend even, who i have been there for over and over again.
just silence.
then will talk to me about something completely unrelated, with my unanswered text right there.
all my thoughts were just my own assumptions and now it's like nope not just mine apparently everything i feel about myself must be true if nothing negating it can be said.
i don't even know what to do at this point.
i have been crying nearly 4 hours, i am back in a really dark place, and i feel just done with everything.
i have no one else to turn to either.
i just don't see the fucking point anymore.
i don't know why i'm bothering to treat my eating disorder or my depression or anxiety.
i've officially given up all hope.
ill be 21. hollow points.
a glock.
only time will tell.
i've never made a post on here before.
i've floated around subreddits like these for a while but i haven't really had the energy to properly involve myself in any community.
i've decided to do it today though because i wanted to share my small victory that i experienced tonight.
i read a book.
it was political, it was dry as fuck, i have no idea why out of all the fantastic fiction books i bought for a bit of escapism, the dry as fuck non-fiction political book was the one that kept my attention, but it is what it is.
the reason this is such a victory is because i haven't been able to hold my focus for long enough to read a whole book in years, and it's been especially hard to concentrate on anything since being on prozac.
the past few months especially, everything has just been a blur, my head has been too foggy to do anything significant.
but a tiny bit of clarity managed to stick around long enough for me to read a book.
i love reading, and for the first time in years, i kept reading and reading until i reached the end of the book and i actually processed everything that i read.
i honestly feel so elated right now.
i don't know what to do with myself anymore.
i don't feel comfortable in my own mind.
i feel so insignificant and little, i know that's not true but it's how i feel.
i constantly battle these dark thoughts and i feel like i have to fight them silently because people don't know what to say or do to help or they're tired of talking to me about it.
i knew this kid who killed himself right after we graduated high school and i think about all the things he missed out on since 2003. i remember his mom blaming him for what he did and his inability to overcome his struggles even with therapy and medications.
another friend of mine told me the day of the funeral that what he did was a selfish act.
they both blamed him.
i've done what i thought i've needed to do, i've gotten therapy and medications but they don't seem to have helped these thoughts fade away.
i think about killing myself more than i should.
i think about my son, how he might feel, how awful he'd feel, the tears he's shed.
i think about my infant daughter, growing up without a father.
i think of my wife, angry with me for giving up, angry for leaving her, angry for anything bad that would happen to the family caused by my suicide.
they're the only things keeping me here.
i'm at a loss, i don't know how to keep moving on and get over this.
it's been like this for about three years.
it ebbs and flows but it's always there, the dark thoughts.
seeing others being happy makes me feel worse.
don’t get me wrong, they deserve to be happy but i haven’t experienced happiness in god knows how long.
many of my friends or people around my age are graduating from college, starting their careers, or starting a family, and i’m just existing.
all i do is play video games or lay in bed all day.
i’m lost.
i am a worthless piece of shit.good for nothing.
today, i had a test for a job position and i screwed it up.
i have been preparing for that exam for 3 months but still i haven't answered a single question correctly.
(my friends who didn't even prepared,cleared that test)may be my dad is right!
i cant achieve anything in life.i always will be a broke and lonely piece of shit.
i don't know what to do.
if i didn't have a job soon,      i will be homeless.
note: don't be nice in comments!
i hate it.
mean comments will help to make me cry cause i want to cry.
graduated college with a 2.0, and feel like utter shit that i let depression get the best of me.
my parents kicked me out when i was 20, as a female i was scared.
didn’t know what resources i had to get by.
didn’t want to leave on the streets.
working fast-food jobs from time to time.
i continued college as a ticket out of the place i was in, but my grades suffered.
i feel stupid for graduating with a 2.0 with such a useless degree.
now, i’m working retail and absolutely hate it.
i feel like i can’t do it.
honestly, scares me to think that i have no future.
my friend jumped off a bridge and ended his life.
i’ve though couple times to do the same on the san francisco bridge.
i want to end my life but my sister is a sign mother, and i can’t leave her behind.
her son needs a caretaker because he’s father sucks ass.
i hate being alive because i am not living for myself.
never have, feel like i never will.
this is just a big as venting session.
i had been sober for nearly 4 months, but today i broke that streak.
i fuckign hate myself so much.
i wish alcohol had never been discovered.
that's all, i hope you enjoy your saturday &lt;3
hey am 16 years old and dont like human interaction.
i dont like human interaction because i dont like people and am not interested in any people and i always panic and get anxiety attacks after i talk to someone so i distant myself from everyone.
this problem started when i was 15 and i dont really know why because before i was a outgoing person and had no problem talking to people and now am skipping school and thinking about the wrong things.
i dont really wanna seek help but i don't know my brain is conflicting with it self i really need to talk to someone that has the same problem or has some advice for me.
so i know that depression effects memory and concentration.
and it has caused me to struggle at college to grasp concepts that i was able to learn much easier years ago.
i’m on antidepressants and i feel good mood wise.
but my memory and attention son are still very poor, is that a permanent thing?
i've been struggling with depression for years now, but recently my depression has gotten severe to the point where i'm starting to care a lot less about things and having bad thoughts.
there were also a few days where i felt like i was having an anxiety attack the whole time.
i haven't gone out in about two weeks... i got invited to go out on monday, which i agreed to, but i was also invited to go on a 4 day trip with a group of friends... i'm not sure if i should go, though.
i want to see them, but my depression has been so bad lately and i don't want to ruin the mood if i'm not in the right mindset i guess.
should i force myself to go or is it a bad idea?
have you felt your heart aching, you don't have appetite, you feel alone no matter who is next to you.
but instead of trying to get better you give up and let things get even worse.
i want to give up on everything i'm doing and just slowly die far from everyone.
i'm really tired and i don't see better days coming.
i’m overweight .
it causes my back to hunch.
i’ve stopped showering and just eat all of the damn time .
but why stop?
who’s gonna care what i look like?
i have no friends and no girl even wants to be within 6 feet of me even if covid wasn’t a thing.
so why try?
i’d being doing it and nobody would even notice.
i’m to scared to kill myself but it is probably gonna be the way for me in 10 months or less.
i feel like i will be loser living in my parents house alone with no friends.
i believe i will have a job but who wants there job to be the only sense of meaning in their life?
i for sure dontso what is the point?
i thought about killing myself at 20, i'm 20 now
for the past two to three weeks i’ve felt so great and like i was finally getting my life and goals together again instead of just being stuck in the haze i’m usually in.
all that progress is gone i feel like it’s never going to stop.
every time i make progress i get knocked back so far back that i don’t want to get up again.
i’m so tired of being here and if it weren’t for my siblings that look up to me i would have ended it years ago.
i don’t know what i want to do after college when i graduate.
i don’t know what i want to do a year from now or tomorrow or even today.
i want to vomit from all the pressure i feel and how hopeless it feels.
it feels like i’m wasting my time in a world that doesn’t notice me, a country that doesn’t care about me, and in a family that doesn’t even recognize me when i see them.
i’m so tired
i was taking 4mgs of respidone and now have a hard time walking.
i was taken to the hospital where the doctors gave me some kind of medicine to help.
i am still experiencing a hard time walking and barely get up anymore.
is there treatment to help with this?
i need help and a solution
this question is always on my mind lately.
i'm not happy about my character, i'm sucking at my studies in university but i don't want to change it.
i don't have any goal in life and i try to fight my suicidal thoughts everyday.
i had a two weeks streak of pure happiness in february and i knew it would end soon, and it did, even though i didn't change any habits of my life.
so i ask myself who i am.
i know that i'm not happy with my personality traits but still i succeeded with being happy about it.
i was happy for two weeks with myself.
i was happy how my life was going, but why do i struggle now, even though i didn't change anything?
what am i doing here and why am i still here?
and i know that my friends and family love me for who i am, for what i'm doing and how i do or fix stuff.
why do i hate it?
now i don't know who i am or who i want to be.
i don't know where i'm going, what i'm doing and why i'm still here.
i don't know what i expect with telling you.
maybe some answers, maybe some support or nothing at all.
i just don't know nothing at all.
why do i bore everyone including myself to death?
i (f28) have been in therapy for almost one and a half year now.
my therapist is going to move away in july so i only have a few sessions left (i see him once a week).
i had problems opening up to him the whole time even though i like him and we get along well, i'm just not good at expressing my feelings and talking about myself.
last week he told me that he has the feeling that ever since he told me he's leaving in summer i'm getting more distant and that's probably true because what's the point of still going there anyway?
i don't feel better at all since starting therapy.
nothing has changed.
i still don't enjoy living my life and i feel like i don't make progress at all.
i still think about suicide a lot and in the beginning i hoped that at least that would change.
if therapy does not work for me then what will?
i'm suffering from depression for over 10 years now.
i did therapy, i was in mental institutions multiple times.
still fighting this battle after all this time makes no sense at all if i'm not going to feel better anyways.
maybe someone feels similar about therapy or want to share their experience about getting better after years of therapy?
this all sounds more hopeless than i intended it to be.
what keeps me going is taking care of my chocolate lab.
he's my best friend and i have no idea what i would do without him.
thank you for reading.
with depression you can still laugh.
with depression you can still smile.
with depression you can still experience happiness.
and that's why depression is so dangerous....
without going to counseling.
i'll cut to the chase... i am currently studying to be a software engineer and as some of you may know it is not easy at all.
at first, i thought i could overcome the coding classes just like i did calculus 1, 2 and 3 but when i see others achieving something nigh effortlessly it just crushes my will to practice or do anything about it.
i have been diagnosed with depression before and i thought i had gotten over it, to a degree at least.
i also lost my grandfather a few months back  due to covid and he believed in me more than i believe in myself.
i came here because i feel i just need to vent everything and i am at a brink of screaming from the top of my lungs.
i can't do anything by myself or at least the hard stuff.
for example, there was this test for a class about circuits and stuff and i failed the first test and i just could not afford to fail the second one (which was the last partial exam) so out of desperation i used chegg with the rest of the class to answer the entirety of the test.
i just want to do what i like for the rest of my miserable life and simply disappear from the face of the earth.
i guess you could say that i am some sort of narcissist and i would not say you are wrong.
i feel like i could do anything easily or learn quickly, but when i see others perform better than me it just shatters my ego.
all in all i am just tired of working so hard for flimsy piece of paper that says i know a lot about the subject that is in it.
on top of my usual depression i've had a killer headache all afternoon and i was trynna sleep and my boyfriend kept playing loud videos on his phone and i asked him to turn the sound off or get his earphones and he was like "i just wanna watch this last video and i will turn it off" and i got annoyed because my head is pounding so i told him i am in pain and he starts the video again because im talking over it.
we then get into an argument of me yelling and being in pain and him starting his video over and over until i "stop talking while he watches it".
well on top of my shit of a day (happy mothers day lol not).
i have taken the car and parked in a quiet spot.
im ready to do it.
i know its a small argument but it has just sent me over the edge.
how dare he be so rude and inconsiderate?
now he keeps calling me but im not answering.
i've had it.
i'm done.
nothing is right.
my life isn't where i want it to be.
everything goes wrong for me.
absolutely everything.
i try to stay positive, i keep going, i have always seen the good in every situation but life is too shit.
how about when there's no more good to see?
what then?
now my head is throbbing and im angry and i want to cry but id rather just crash into a tree.
bye.
i'm not a good person at all.
i did terrible things, things that i came to regret now.
i've always known i'm gonna die by suicide, but i never thought that it would be this early.
the things that have happened to me, and the things that i did to other people is all too overwhelming and haunting me everyday.
it doesn't matter if i change to be a good person or of help to others.
i keep telling myself that it's not only my fault and my parents and siblings keep telling me that too, but i just couldn't see it.
i am the one to blame.
i don't shower i don't have the appetite to eat i don't have any motivation to do anything at all.
i'm so sorry mom and dad, i love you.
i know this will be traumatizing for the both of you but i am just tired.
i shouldnt be alone...i wasnt supposed to be alone by now...i should be with my boyfriend, having a good time, being out, having funi should feel like the happiest guy in the world...i feel like i could jump infront of a train at any moment...i feel like i dont know what i should do...i feel like i dont have strength or mental capacity to do anything anymore...im just...tiredi hoped this year i'd finally be able to celebrate valentine's day...just, doing romantic stuff for my boyfriend, having fun us two, and feeling the love in the air like everyone else...i thought this year was gonna be the first birthday where i had someone that actually cared...i thought this year i would've had someone that actually cared about anything i do, or at least sbout me...everyone managed to get someone, im the only one stupid enough to not find anyonei was supposed to find someonei was supposed to be the one in a loving relationshipi should be happy too...why am i not happy?
why am i not enough?
why am i never enough
i was born into trauma.
for the first six years of my life i had a difficult to diagnose medical condition that caused pain to radiate through my entire body, movements, body position or even loud noise would amplify this greatly.
i was molested when i was a child on numerous occasions by more than one person.
i was the target of bullies in school.
my mother was psychologically abusive to me as a child and still has her moments.
as an early teenager, the bullying mostly stopped as i grew to be larger than most.
however, my happiness was quickly crushed when my mother told me that her and my father were getting divorced and that it was my fault.
the psychological abuse became significantly worse without my father there to control any of her output.
i was told the following things and many more during that time:"you need to lie about who you are if you want any girl to like you, it'll be hard for you to keep it up."
"we need to make a plan for you since you'll never be able to graduate high school"(i received excellent grades and graduated easily)"i hope you don't have a small dick like your father."
"open the door, i'm having a heart attack, if you open the door then it will stop."
"if you don't open the door, i'll call the police and tell them you hit me.
who do you think they'll believe, you or me?"
"why can't you just be normal?"
"i'm really concerned you're talking to yourself and not real people!"
(while i was voice chatting with friends on skype)i moved in with my dad when i was around 18. things improved drastically.
when i would go to see my mother she would tell me that my mental health was declining rapidly and that she was strongly considering having me made a ward of the state.
she would tell me that i should move back in with her, i certainly wasn't falling for that.
i did well in college and graduated with a degree in software development.
shortly after this i met a woman who was just like my mother but i couldn't see it.
we got married in less than 6 months and she became horribly abusive after that.
i couldn't force myself to leave.
i was so busy working a job i had when i was in college plus another job that i had no time to pursue a job as a software dev.
once she managed to drain all of my money, she got in with the wrong crowd and began working as an escort.
i had zero idea she was doing that.
fast forward, i finally get the courage to break things off with her and kick her out.
i decide my best course of action to get over her was to find a woman to sleep with on tinder.
there i found  her profile, selling herself.
initially, i thought this was done to scorn me in some way and not the truth.
i check other sites known for women doing that and found her posting.
i contacted a friend that she had a falling out with and the friend directs me to far more media where she's advertising.
this left me absolutely devastated.
the weight of everything before that and then that rendered me unable to give a fuck about much of anything.
shortly there after i went through bankruptcy and divorce in the same month.
that made things even worse.
the period when i was just living with my mother was dark but i was able to overcome it.
this has left me in a deep state of depression for quite a while.
i've been trying for a few years to get over my past or at least build my skills and portfolio as a software dev to get a job i don't absolutely hate.
the job i'm working at now makes me absolutely miserable.
i've got some money saved up and have decided to quit that job at the end of this month.
i can't take any more of it.
the decision to do that has brought some happiness back to my life.
i'm starting to feel a bit like myself during college.
enthusiasm and passion are starting to make small appearances.
i hate to take the leap but, i feel that if i don't things are only going to keep getting worse.
it's been getting easier to get out of bed since i've made the decision.
warning ⚠️:talk of periods and hormonal issues i have been waiting weeks on a background check and/or my tax return to come in and i top of the shear confusion of why everything was just on freeze, started when i wanted to donate plasma for a quick buck but i can’t cuz my iron would be too low.
and all this with cramps and nausea half a week prior and now i’m actually having “panic attacks”?
and yes, i’m aware that “it’s hard for everyone” but like at least most of y’all didn’t have to wait on a background check for a part time job.
i just feel like i’m being felt crappy cards and this (my period) has made it like x10 worse and i just feel hella depressed and lost.
btw, i did start looking for other jobs even tho i got hired for this one, but it’s not i actually you know, did my part, stressed out over application after application to just get this and wait like i could be “secured” for a bit so i can breath, no, just constantly stress.
and it would be so bad if turbotax wasn’t gonna idk try to change me for service even though i wanted them to take it out of my return, it’s not like the irs isn’t backed, it’s apparently my fault that my return isn’t here apparently so fuqn thanks turbo, not even a person on either side will pick up the phone.
but somehow ima be blamed for these things like i did it to intentionally screw my life up.
i’m beyond frustrated and i know people are having a hard time, so please don’t tell me to remember, cuz i think i’m having a pretty hard time so please don’t compare me to nameless groups of people cuz honestly in my group of friends, seems like shits going great for them, i don’t need to hear how someone may be worse of (no shit) but i also think i’m in a shitter to so...
i have mild cerebral palsy, adhd and asthma but my mom still expects to do all this heavy lifting.
she's throwing a party and i had to cut the front and back.
when i offered to pony up the cash for someone to do all that herself she snapped on me.
so when i asked her to rake a few of the leaves while i took a rest she made an attempt but grew frustrated and said she's moving the party to the front.
she's disabled too but she keeps doing things that goes against that and keeps saying if she can work through it so can i.another thing she does is call my name every five minutes for things any modern adult should know like sending emails or logging in her fb.
apparently she can't memorize her gmail and password despite me writing them on paper and saving them on her phone.
she also  expects me to be her therapists because she has bad friends who constantly stab her in the back.
as well as my dad who she's separated with but keeps hanging out with yet disrespect her all the time.
i'm 27 and i would move out but i'm on ssi and i have nowhere else to go.
i pay my portion of the rent, i pay most of the cable bill, i buy my own food &amp; clean after myself but she still wont leave me be!
im not suicidal but i feel empty on the inside.
all i want to is to be left alone throughout my day but that feels impossible (sorry about the poor structure i'm just so tired)
hello!
sorry if this is not the right place for this but... i would like some simple warm words to brighten my day... please...it's just... i was always alone... at school i never had friends because of my sexuality... at home, my parents constantly fought with each other... i've been taking fluoxetine for 5 months and nothing changes...i know that several people through history have had worse lives and i'm just doing drama... but it hurts so much...do you think that someday i will find someone i can call a partner?
in the last 17 years i feel like i missed out my life all my friends i grew up with are all married i sometimes wonder is my life truly over i’m about to become a driver for ups and i hope it’s gonna work but i’ve had too many jobs that never worked out i have a few friends that i like but i don’t really have any friends that i talk to you anymore i’m not trying to go back to the past but i feel like at my age i’m just too old to be single i’m tired of going to concerts and bars that’s where i try to socialize with no success i live in a college town called denton texas and i think it’s my hometown is a reason why i’ve never had a girlfriend i don’t understand why i can’t get a girlfriend there’s just no places to meet people in my hometown
can anyone relate to me?
i’ve never had such unexplainable sadness until this year.
i’m so tired of crying every single day.
i tried to go to the gym today and i started crying on the treadmill.
this past year has been so hard and i’m failing to see the light at the end of the tunnel.
the struggles i faced are small in comparison to everyone else but they have just built up over the past year and knocked me down.
it all started january 2020 with feeling lonely at school, then getting dumped, conversion to all online and strict lockdowns, my older brother having serious mental health issues that led him to come home for treatment, my dog dying, roommate issues, and lack of determination and drive for a future or job.
even the smallest things like an internship rejection has made me felt unworthy and like no one likes me.
the worst part is knowing i haven’t felt a sustained sense of happiness since fall 2019, and i don’t know when i’m ever going to be that happy again.
i have very few friends and i am self conscious of who i am as a person since i’m sad all the time.
i wouldn’t want to be around me either.
i dont know if it is a great idea, but i just want to be in place where i can be as miserable as i want, without worrying about people knowing, specially my family, but being hospitalized is already worrying for them.
it just hurts, and there's never an end it just keeps hurting.
if i go, i don't want a funeral, i don't want people reunited for me, i want people to act like nothing happen, i wish i could dissappear and bring all the memories people have of me,  so nothing of me were left.
just gone.
it’s in my wallet hidden and folded and i started it off with “if i ever die in an unfortunate coincidence or if i kill myself”.
so today my parents complained about me not being the very best version of me.
they also said tht other people's son are way better than me and work faster and would respond immediately when they ask for help.
right, so im fucking depressed and i dont think my parents can see that.
it's not like im trying to make it obvious.
i don't want to worry my mum about it.
but who wouldn't be when ur family already is breaking pretty much since i moved in with them.
so during my younger years i lived with my grandparents and i've started living with my parents for about 5 years now.. let me tell you nothing good has happened.
im still a student btw.
17 this year.
having one of my important exams this year.
i just dont feel anything rn lol.
like i dont care but at the same time i care a lot about it.
im not sure about my mental health, i dont think its good y'know.
i also cant say what i want to say and idk why.
for some reason my mouth won't open and i would just froze.
just now my parents scolded me and then asked me what do i want to change in this family.
i couldn't say a word.
i have this feeling that tells me that whatever i said wouldn't even be heard or that they don't even care what u want.
i need help like serious help.
living is hell to me as i dont know what to do anymore.
everything i do seemed incorrect and i would be feeling much worse about myself every single day.
even at school life is not okay.
ever since the pandemic a lot of people had lost interest in learning and one of them is me.
i failed add maths and already my parents were like "didn't you study?
why you didn't pass?, i don't care if a lot of people from your class fail, why do you have to fail as well" i haven't told them yet i failed chemistry and physics as well but goddamn imagine if i told them.
my dad said to me once that he wished to die soon.
so tell me?
how would u feel if someone from ur family says tht to you.
and today he told me that he's fine if i dont want him in this house anymore.
he told me tht i could just say it and he would leave.
both my mum and dad is very great persons but its as if they're trying to turn this whole mess on to me like ugh.. i don't know anymore.
wished that i could just disappear and never existed.
they deserve better...
if no one can ever understand you.
and if it’s your fault that no one understands you.
because you don’t know anything, you’ll never know anything, and everything will always hurt because you’ll never be able to escape who you were, who you are and who you’ll always be
i feel more alone than when i was single.
i feel like things are ok as long as i don’t show how i really feel about things, as soon as a part of my mental illnesses are showing it’s like i have to go through them alone.
my partner kind of makes me feel worse, i don’t really want to break up but i often wonder if my mental health is becoming worse while in a relationship.
i wonder how he feels as well and if we feel the same at times.
there’s a handful of situations but for example: when i’m depressed i just want to listen to music with earbuds, so i do and for example, i look up and he shakes his head at me and gives me a disappointed look on purpose, i’ve asked him to stop manyyy times to stop shaking his head while looking at me because it makes me feel like i did something wrong and frustrated.
he doesn’t really say anything at all when i ask him why he’s doing that.
idk i feel like shit i feel even more alone because who wants to share a room with someone who likes to stare down on them and shake their head while they already feel down.
idk just journaling to see if things change in the future, or if i end it to document how i felt may 8 11:25pm
hey guys , hope you’re okay today.
for the people who suffer from severe depression and also have kept their rooms clean , how do you do it ?
i’ve been struggling with myself so much i can’t be bothered to get up and clean but i also hate seeing my room so messy....
i think it will get easier after that.
i want to die so badly right now.
i can hardly move.
i can hardly feed myself.
i’m so tired.
i’ve been struggling with my mental health since i was 13, and i’m 17 now.
i got diagnosed with ptsd, and i have dissociation.
i’ve been on antidepressants for 5 months now, and lately i’ve been having a hard time,, existing.
my dad came into my room a few days ago, asking if we can talk.. he said i might get some of this mental ilness from him, because he also feels far away from reality, and his mother was also a bit ‘cookoo’ (they lived in communism so getting professional help wasn’t an option).
from what i understood, he is depressed.
he also told me he’s had some suicidal thoughts and ideas, but that too many people rely on him, or something along those lines, basically that he would do it if so many people wouldn’t suffer if he did it.
then he said he hopes i won’t hurt myself, because he wouldn’t be able to live with it.
he also told me he might want to go see my psychiatrist, so maybe ‘she can give him something to make him feel better’.
this whole conversation absolutely blew my mind because he’s such an introvert, he doesn’t talk much, especially when it comes to his emotions.
we’ve had a pretty close relationship, and we get along really well, although the lack of communication can be felt.
what the hell do i do now?
he’s away with my mom for the weekend at the sea, so he said to not talk to my psychiatrist yet, because maybe he’ll feel better after the sea, but i doubt it, since he’s been like this for a long time.
he doesn’t leave his desk (since he works from home, he has his own company).
and he hasn’t been smiling much lately.
i genuinely don’t know what to do.
i’m trying to be there for him, to support him, to see how his day went and offer comfort.
but what if he’s thoughts don’t go away?
what if i lose him?
what then?
how can i help him?
ps: my grandma told me (without his consent) that he’s attempted suicide once before, when he was in his 20s... we always took his silent personality as simple introversion, but i’m thinking it’s much much more.
let me know what you guys think; i can really use sole advice and support, i’m scared of losing him!
i'm so numb, my brain feels so stuffy and miserable and yet i can't fucking do it.
i can't just break down (and i fucking wish i could) because i'm so apathetic its tiring.
it’s my abuela’s birthday today and my mama bought a card for all of us to sign.
i was unsure what to write and she suggested ‘thank you for having my papa so i can be alive today’ i laughed a little and she looked at me confused and asked ‘aren’t you glad you were born?’ i stared at her with blank face unsure how to respond.
that was three hours ago, she hasn’t spoken to me since.
being born in to a (2nd world) country that's generally bigoted (specially against lgbtq+) and treats mental illness like a joke feels like some kind of fuck you by the universe.. to top it off the country refuses to join the eu so i can't even get the hell out of here, and my one way out was absolutely destroyed by the impeccable timing of covid starting when it did and is no longer an option..even if i want to get help for the issues i have, those hospitals were repurposed in to covid hospitals due to the country treating covid like a joke until it was too late, so i'm off seeking private healthcare that i can't even afford, whilst my anxiety acts up so hard that i sometimes just start crying while out in public, so i'm stuck desperately trying to make money through online means...and just ..fuck everything.. i just want to got for a day without worrying what the hell am i going to do..
i’m (22 m) basically super fragile and weak mentally.
my parents had another outburst at me today and i’m in my room crying.
they always given me everything and pay my rent while i’m at school and stuff.
but they also have timers where they berate me, tell me my dreams are pointless, call me worthless and get mad over the littlest things.
i kept blaming them as a source of my anxiety and mental state.
but honestly i’m not a grateful son.
i turned myself this way.
i just hate myself more and more for how i thought of them
so we could not find my hubby's wallet this morning and no matter what i was doing to help locate it i was still adding more stress and i guess giving attitude or huffing in annoyance.
i hope he has a better day and i didn't fuck it up too much for him.
i know i am pretty useless and don't offer much.
i couldn't even find his wallet right.
after 1 year if being clean,i relapsedi just can't take it anymore.i really wish i would die or someone would take my life
i don't even know where to post this.
i wish i had someone to talk to but no one listens to me.
i'm currently on only two hours of sleep due to severe sleep deprivation and horrible sleep anxiety and i've still beyond pushed myself to do the most and be the best for mother's day.
despite that, everyone is continuing to treat me like shit.
the little fkn bitch of a sister is doing everything in her power to fk me up.
(not to mention the parents went above and beyond to take her to and from a party with her boyfriend lastnight).
she started with bitch states and snarky comments all morning, to then cutting me off not only when i spoke but as we we're walking.
i tried to politely ask mum to say something to her as it was getting to me and all she said was "she's fine, stop being dramatic, this is my day."
i said "i know this is your day that's why i'm trying my best to keep my composure."
not even 5 minutes after that, as we are walking into a crowded area i asked everyone to put their masks on (i'm covid paranoid and wasn't going to come due to it) everyone did, except the little bitch.
when i politely asked her again she ignored, asked again and she said "no, i dont have to!"
so again, politely i asked mum to tell her to put it on.
she asked her to and the sister said yes but then left it off and turned away.
i asked her, as fkn ca as i could, "please put your mask on!
just while we walk in!"
she swore at me and sweetly turned to mum.
then i put my foot down and said "i'm about to make a fkn scene if you don't put your fkn mask on for literally 2minutes!"
she then did after mum told her to but literally not even over her lips.
i had to reiterate again!!!
"please put your fkn mask on or im catching the train home!"
i then got told off my mum for telling her off and she started talking to me with a tone all while talking sweet to the sister.
it didn't take her literally 2 minutes to then take is straight off.
i can't fkn do this shit.
it's taking so fkn much out of me.
i go so far out of my way to be the best person i can to everyone around me and no one sees it or attempts to reciprocate it in any form.
now everyone's talking to me like i'm being dramatic and i'm the problem despite going beyond out of my way to be kind, thoughtful and sweet all day.
all down the fkn trash.
it means nothing and the fkn cunt somehow walks away with the perfect daughter medal.
cunt i can't do this shit.
i'm so fkn sick of it.
it's every day, in every form, from everyone in my life.
this shit is beyond fkn exhausting
why is my life like this?
 my friends haven't talked to me for awhile and i'm distance from school so i just sit in my room every day.
sports i play in are getting less satisfying and is starting to feel like a job i have to do.
only thing i look forward to everyday is watching the next episode of a anime i watch.
i've been depressed and suicidal for five years now.
and it gets worse day after day to the point that i can no longer cope with my simplest problems, and i prefer to stay in bed all day long .
i had a lot of trauma in recent years, but the biggest cause of my depression is my spine problem.
but after i thought about what happened these years, i found that the thing that caused me the most psychological suffering was not the pain resulting from my chronic health problem .., but the things that i heard from people in my surroundings.
i feel intense anger , followed by a long wave of depression and sometimes nervous breakdowns whenever i hear healthy people try to convince me that i am supposed to be content and accept my catastrophic life as it is.
especially what i usually hear from religious people ... when they try to convince me that there is a good divine plan behind my illness ... when i hear such words that make my suffering an acceptable and positive thing ... i become insane .
for example : two years ago when i tried all the treatments and didn't work.
i became suicidal ..my mother told my aunt about that .. so she came to visit me and told me that i'm weak !
..my aunt.. a healthy, successful, rich woman who has not faced any big  problem in her life .. tells me that i am weak because i think about suicide after suffering daily and for years with an untreated disease that destroyed my youth and all my dreams in life .. she did not  suffer a minute, what i suffered for years, but this did't prevents her from calling me weak   ..i can't even describe how i felt in this situation .
last month my doctor told me that i must be thankful for god because there are much worst diseases than my disease ... wtf !!!
... as if i was born to suffer and i should be thankful because this suffering could be worse .. but living as normal people and pain free ..is too much to ask !!
!!
my depression gets worse whenever i hear things like this from healthy people who do not even know what they are talking about..perhaps because i suffer to the point where it is impossible to be convinced that there is an answer or a reason that makes my suffering acceptable or justified...i feel that trying to make it look better is insensitive and inhumane  .is it normal to feel this ??
am i too sensitive ??
or is the problem in the terms that my arabic society uses to console me?
i feel like i’m never going to accomplish any of my goals or dreams.
find someone to love?
i don’t think anyone will ever want me or will love me.
go after a new degree to get a job that’s actually a career?
no financial aid.
they max it out by credit.
so my first degree i didn’t use federal financial aid for counts.
being able to live on a decent wage?
need more education that i can’t afford due to current bills and medical debts.
and overall can’t seem to ever get a good job.
i’m 30 and still living at home with my parents.
hiding the fact that i’m miserable and depressed and have been for years.
i just feel so unloved and like a complete failure.
totally lost.
i’ve been on an ssri for a couple months.
but sometimes i wonder if it will ever help.
if it’s even worth it anymore.
i find myself talking to people and just completely losing all motivation to continue the conversation - it just dawns on me the pointlessness of it.
like why am i talking to this person?
why am i even out?
why am i alive?
none of this will change anything - i shouldn't even try....and then just bail not only on the conversation but on the current sentence too.
it wasn’t the best day of my life but today was pretty decent, i didn’t have a breakdown or maybe i did but i can’t remember i did anyway.
this has been the best day i’ve had in at least two or three months
1.)
accept what we are toldz work a 9-5 for 50 years then die.
2.)
try to figure out how to make passive in come so you no longer have to work.
aboslutey exhausting.
you will work 80+ hours a week.
seems miserable3.)
follow a dream.
music, art sports etc.
not everybody has a dream + only .00001% of people actually succeed in this.
4.)
drop of society nomadland style.
have zero comforts.
you shit in a bucket, no medical care etcnone of these are attractive to me at this point.
i just want my life to end.
so i have been just feeling bad without reasons.
recently i got into some program along with a friend and i am just doing it because i think it’s interesting and i dont really know what else id do with my life.
but now this friend is acting off like i am a burden and she is really subtle.
i cleared things but i had a really bad night.
i couldn’t stop crying and just really hated this person.
honestly i have never taken this person too seriously before and it’s always been kinda meh.
i have started being a bit vulnerable recently as in since a year or two.
i just felt really shaky and weird.
this has never happened to me over something so trifle.
i am sure i am not explaining it right.
i have been diagnosed with depression earlier but i dont have any therapy or medications going on.
also i kinda hated people like really hated them as in my friends who were busy and they didn’t know anythings up with me.
as i said i am not the kinda person who has been very open in the past so it is difficult and people will not have a clue.
i feel like i am insane and push people away and i don’t know what to do.
sorry for such a scattered post and grammar mistakes.
(forgive formatting, on mobile)background: i have a kind of complex history with mental health.
i've had a life long fight with depression, there were years where i just never felt any hope or affection from anyone.
i thought i would just get killed when i got out of highschool, and that would be my end.
i never even checked my sat score, i figured i wouldn't need it.
i also struggled with a lack of focus or direction in life.
i recently entered a trade school for my dream job.
i was so excited at first, i felt hope for the first time in a very long time.
i felt so good that i started repairing my relationships in my family and started trying to unravel my issues.
now, about a year later, i feel really empty.
not in a "oh my life is worthless" kind of way like before, now its more like a total lack of passion.
all that energy and drive i had at the start of trade school is gone.
don't get me wrong, i still love my career, but i just feel empty.
i feel like i traded out my existential dread for apathy.
can i get any advice on how to get that passion back?
why do i have to figure out the fucking secrets of life in order to like living and enjoy things?
i wish i could just live on a ranch or work a nothing job and then come home and actually not have to occupy 50% of my brainpower trying to figure out why there is something wrong, and not being in the flow of the movie or book or project or music or whatever, and feel fine with things.
but no, i have to live a meaningful and proper life or whatever and grow as a person and connect with others and do all this complicated unintuitive shit that i don't understand.
fucking bitch humans are so complicated.
i’m so tired, i spend all day in bed... i live in a privileged family yet i am stagnant.
i love my significant other, but deep down i feel so useless, he can do so much better than me.
i wish i was a different person, i wish i lived another life where i didn’t have to live every day where i lay on my stomach and feel sad.
i want to tell my significant other how i feel, but the only thing that will do is bring him down as well.
i don’t want him to feel unhappy like me.
i don’t know what i want anymore.
is there some resource where i can talk to people anonymously about what i’m feeling?
i seriously feel like a burden to the people in my life and at this point i’ve been depressed so long i’m embarrassed to turn to loved ones for help.
obviously this sub is a good resource but is there anything else out there?
to do anything when i've been depressed for so long i feel like crap and recently had friends tell me to get a job and to wake up because no one is going to help me do the things in life like get a apartment and i just feel conflicted in a way because i know all this stuff already but when a friend says it to me i feel like damn i'm not doing good enough in life or anything and i feel useless
i am just beyond overwhelmed, and i just feel so helpless, and hopeless.
i’m trying to free myself from an abusive relationship, and it’s been the hardest thing to have to deal with.
i’m scared, and have no where to go.
i was able to talk to someone at the police station about my situation, and gave me guidance which is helpful, but i tried to get out before he got home, and that was the end of that.
i have 2 cats i fear i’m gonna lose.
i just want to run away, but where or die.
i’m literally sick from all the stress and anxiety, and emotionally drained.
to top it off i’ve been working 9 days straight for weeks with only one day off.
i’m literally in to shatters right now, and have no idea how put the pieces back together.
we just found out yesterday that my girl friend is pregnant, she wants to keep it i don’t.
i mentally and financially can’t raise a kid this is going to push me over the edge
i’m male and today i turn 20. and i feel sick, exhausted, angry and depressed.
i’ve dealt with mental health issues for a good portion of my life but it’s becoming to much and it’s all my fault.
i started to self-harm as a way to punish myself and it seems to be the only way that’s helping.
for years i’ve struggled with porn addiction, maybe since i was 14-15. and because i find the idea of sexualizing people weird, i decided i would masturbate to furry/cartoon character pornography.
looking back on it all, most of it is okay but there were some things that i saw, thought and read that contained characters that shouldn’t be sexualized(i’m talking underage cartoon characters).
and i knew it was wrong, so i just envisioned them to be off-age or since they looked older in pictures i thought it was okay.
like i said it wasn’t all the time, and all of them were non human.
the worst offense i don’t even know if it happened.
i struggle with various types of ocd, and sometimes i remember or at least i think i remember memories, basically false memories.
well i’m worried that i masturbated to an underage human cartoon character(someone from dragon ball).
because i saw a censored version of it on a youtube comedy video.
i’m leaning towards it not happening, but i can’t shake the feeling that something happened.
i can’t take all this anymore because just wanna die but i’m afraid of going to hell.
i’m 20 and i still don’t have a job and i’m not in college and i live with an emotionally distant and fucked up family.
i don’t deserve to be happy.
i know i’m not a pedo and i would never hurt anyone but god i can’t live with myself.
so i told my boyfriend about my drug problem (xanax) because that is honestly the only thing that helps with my borderline personality disorder.
it makes me numb, careless and not a worry in  the world.
i don´t care what happens to me or anyone in my surroundings.
finally a empty shell, which is such a relief.
for the first time im not all over the place.
not as many suicidal thoughs, but sometimes they still appear.
so he spent the day with me today, and he kept track, so apparently i take 1mg about every 1.5 hours which adds upp to alot per day.
i don´t want to quit these pills since i´ve struggled with bpd and suicidal thoughts for years, and now it´s finally under control-but he just got upset at me and said that if i do not stop taking them we can not continue the relationship.
so eather me (a person with bpd so obviously super scared of losing someone) keep taking the pills and just be an empty shell with nobody in my life to love, or be loved by.
or i stop taking them and start self harming and thinking about suicide 10h a day.
and i´m ´´high´´ writing this post, because i got extremely anxious and im flooded with suicidal thoughts.
so to sum this up, no matter what i do i´ll just end up dead.. better to get it over with sooner rather than later i suppose.
my wife has been increasingly concerned about my mental health, often saying things like "you're really bad today" or "you're not thinking about suicide are you?"
of course i deny everything and do the cheerful "no, i'm fine!"
thing with her.
last night she got all excited because she booked me a place on an outdoor holistic therapy course.
i pretended to be interested, but was planning on fooling her into thinking i went by driving somewhere and sitting in my car for a few hours.
when they sent me the link to pay i finally told her i didn't want to do it i can't go from zero to interacting with positive people overnight.
i emailed the organiser and said i couldn't do it because of anxiety.
today my wife is upset.
she says i would have really liked it and maybe benefited from it, i might have met some people and made some connections.
and now i'm just confused and feeling even worse about the whole thing.
i can't think clearly enough to see how it would have benefited me.
i don't want to establish fake friendships, or any friendships for that matter.
right now i'm having what i can only describe as one long continuous panic attack where i can't breathe and feel like crying.
i’m at the end of my rope.
you guys, i might not make it.
this feels like the end
i got really drunk last night and ended up falling on my broken wine bottle.
after that i confessed to him that i’ve been really sad about the toxic relationship with my mom triggered me to drink.
i was in tears really upset belligerently crying.
in the middle of my episode he got a face time call from his brother and picked up.
i asked him after why would he do that.
he said it was stupid and apologized.
i was still upset.fast forward to this morning i told him i was having suicidal thoughts.
about two weeks ago he was having a panic attack and i had a bad feeling since i knew he was alone in his apartments with weapons i drove over 40 minutes at 3 am in the morning.
he already had plans to learn how to record videos from a friend but this will be an often thing so it was disappointing to know he couldn’t just be with me after work instead of still going with his friend.
am i wrong for thinking this?
should i confront him?
how?
thanks in advance.
tl;dr : told boyfriend i was suicidal, still went to hang out with friends
i have a beautiful girlfriend but am going through the shit.
i have scars and scabs, i want to get better i don't wanna feel this way.
she's to skiddish to talk about this with.
i just hate my life basically.
what have you done to make life happier?
i'm in my bed thinking about negative things and i don't even want to get up
i know theres a a good chance that nobody reads this.
but writing these kinds of things helps even if only a little bit so i dont really give a shit.
i am currently 16 years old and extremely fucking lonely.
i do have a group of friends but im starting to feel like im not hanging out with them because i actually enjoy their company, but because it takes my mind off of all the shit that i think about when im alone.
and i'm afraid that if i leave that group of friend i will legitimately hurt myself.
half the time when im with them im not even socializing, i just feel like im gonna say the wrong thing and embarrass myself.
my uncle commited suicide when i was younger, i was only 6 years old at the time and i dont really have any memories of him.
but ever since i was a child i have been told by my family that i resemble him extremely.
to the way i sit, the way i act and look, pretty much anything you can think of.
this has me wondering if it was meant to be.
i take drugs almost every day.
mostly mariljuana as in the state i live in you can get it almost anywhere, and nobody gives a shit if you smoke.
however i've started vaping, drinking, and taking lsd.
as emo as this may sound i take them to help numb my mind.
so far the only one that can succeed in that consistently is alcohol.
but that shits hard to get.
i feel like i don't want to take drugs, half the time they just make me feel like shit.
but as mundane and tedious as my life is i feel like it just gives me something interesting to do.
i've been neglected by my parents ever since i was a child.
and honestly i don't blame them.
actually i should say that i don't blame my mom.
because she has an excuse.
her excuse is she is always working constantly.
because she's a ceo.
my father on the other hand has no excuse, i feel like he never spent any time with me.
i have very certain memories from my time as a toddler.
nothing much just snippets or images here and there.
but now that i'm thinking about it the only ones that i really have of my father are when he got mad at me for whatever it was i did as a dumb fucking toddler.
and to this day whenever i try and spend time with him i can tell that he's trying to end it as soon as possible.
and go back to whatever it was he was doing before.
he never beat me physically, and i congratulate him for that.
and all things considered he's not that bad and i could've had it way worse.
a lot of people do.
but i would be lying if i said he didn't play a part in my depression.
the worst part is that i know if i make it to adulthood, and if i decide to have kids, i'm going to be way worse than he was.
i feel like i can't tell anyone about my depression.
one day at school we had a speaker come in to our class and talk to us about poetry.
and how he found purpose in life through poetry and music.
our assignment for that day was to write a poem that started with the line "when i write..." i decided to take this opportunity to talk about my depression.
and basically went on a two page poetic rant about basically all the bullshit that i'm writing about now.
and how badly i wanted to kill myself.
i turned it in, half expecting to get referred to the student councilor or a therapist of whatever the fuck.
when i received the poem back with my grade the next day.
i saw nothing but comment from my teacher along the lines of "wow this is really great!"
or "i'm speechless."
that was a huge slap in the face.
i received no help whatsoever.
this post was a fucking long one so if you even read the entire thing thank you.
i apologize if it go too angsty or emo.
i just feel like i had to get all this shit off my chest and writing these sorts of things kind of helps
i don't know why i'm bothering.
i'm just so fucking tired.
i want to lie down and not wake up
idk if its just me, but i always see people say “dont kill yourself!
what about friends?
family?
animals?
the people who love you?” and idk if this makes me a bad person but thats not what keeps me here.
honestly if i could choose dying or anyone else i would choose death.
my mom thinks im selfish for wanting to die and she would probably be insanely pissed if i told her this, her or my dad, but i just dont feel i care enough to want to stay for anyone else.
i havent died yet because my mom practically baby proofed the house.
im just tired, and i feel bad for not feeling compelled to stay for others but i just dont think i care enough.
maybe im just not a good friend
i had a friend that i met from another and i was venting to them in a private conversation but that isn't the point i told them that i wished i could pay for therapy myself and then they said "do you really think i'm that stupid" i think i just need someone new to talk to
like negative emotions.
cuz i don’t feel like i’m gaining anything from suffering.
even trying to change how i think doesn’t work (it sounds honestly stupid even trying just don’t be depressed yeah cuz that’s how that works).
when i go through stuff now i just feel more and more broken.
so what am i supposed to to learn cuz i haven’t learned anything from suffering.
just that i haven’t found a proper way of coping.
i am so exhausted of trying to please others and fake being happy.
my family is dysfunctional and doesn’t understand depression or anxiety, or any other mental health issues for that matter.
my boyfriend has his own that he personally deals with.
i just feel like i’m hanging on by a thread here.
i feel like i’m getting so burnt out that i can’t see anything getting better.
i would love to not be here anymore, but i’m too much of a coward to do it and honestly, my daughter is the only person i do not want to let down.
regardless if i have a family or a boyfriend or if i’m pregnant.
none of this matters.
my daughter is the only light that keeps me going.
but what happens when even that stops being enough?
i used to self harm and the thought doing it now is very appealing.
when does it get better?
when will the voices shut up?
when will the hurt stop?
when can i finally rest?
cw: sh, mentions of ss thoughtsit's been over a year since i've properly cut myself, but i had been cutting for about 2 years prior.
it began on and off, but then i got addicted to the pain and cut every night for about a year and a half.
one of my wounds got infected one night and i was scared that i had blood poisoning, and i freaked out and told my mum, who screamed and got my dad to look at my wrists too.
they basically guilted me that night, saying how they "thought they were raising a happy family" and it just made me feel so much worse.
my mum took me to a&amp;e (essentially a walk in attached to a general hospital for anyone outside of the uk)?
constantly saying how she didn't want me to get tested or diagnosed with anything because she doesn't want a child falling into that category(which essentially means that i can't get therapy or medication) after waiting about 2 hours, a nurse looked at my arms, asked me about 2 questions and said, "well these cuts don't seem like you're suicidal", and spent the next 20 minutes talking to my mum about covid.
i havent talked to my parents about my mental health since because i know they'll just try and guilt me again, even talking to the school nurse didn't help because without a diagnosis they can't do anything.
i relapsed a few days ago and although i know i'm too much of a pussy to kill myself, i've been having really bad thoughts recently and i feel trapped.
i don’t need no one i can be better on my own there will be a day that i wake up and i won’t think about dying again right?
so first of all i was never diagnosed with depression and never went to any specialist to even try to get diagnosed.
i know i should but i'm scared of 1. getting sent to some sort of psych hospital and 2. my parent's reaction.
i used to self harm but after my mother once saw my scars i stopped.
at some point i told my mother about my feelings and suicidal tendencies.
she reacted quite well and helped (well kind of) but she never took me to a psychologist and i'm pretty glad that she didn't because i'm almost certain it wouldn't help.
since then i got much better and for some time i was a completely happy and healthy teenager.
but sometime ago it all went downhill again.
my parents have some, well, "issues" to put it that way.
a year ago or so i came out to them as pan and trans and i don't think they took it that well...?
i mean, they didn't kick me out of the house or anything, but they were pretty weird about it ever since.
i think my mother's understanding of lgbtq+ people changed for the better but not my father's.
they use my preffered pronouns for most of the time and i'm really happy about it but my father still is really weird about it.
he thinks that i'm some kind of a punch bag for taking his anger out on when he's irritated because of the lgbtq+ folks in our country or when he's just angry at the garbage fire that are our politicians.
he likes to just sit around and talk on and on about the stuff that bugs him and he gets pretty fucking angry when i dare to disagree.
and about the "issues" - he is an alcoholic.
sometimes, when he drinks too much booze, he goes fucking insane and starts screaming at me and my mom relentlessly and he often gets violent.
today i got in a pretty heated argument with him.
he accused me of holding a grudge against him because of what he did.
he said that i'm living in the past and that i should already "let go of my trauma" and stop only seeing the bad that he did and not the good.
when he finally left my room i just started crying silently because i was devastated.
he is overall a pretty shitty person but to say "just let go of your trauma"?
the trauma caused by him?
on top of having a fucked up father i started noticing that i'm losing my friends that are one of my very few emotional outlets.
when i talk to them i can forget about the sadness and disstress living in my head.
and now i'm losing them.
online school doesn't help at all.
at least once a day one of the teachers need to shout at us students for being lazy shits and tells us how the lockdown changed us.
yeah, no shit it changed us, go figure.
and another thing about my friends - if losing half of them wasn't bad enough i see everyday how they live their best life, go out with people and overall have fun while i sit in my bedroom all day and if i do go out on a walk or smth i don't have enyone to bring but me.
i'm happy for the people i know and that they are having fun in this trying times but it just hurts so fucking bad seeing other people do the things that i also want to do but can't.
i'm also an introvert and a really awkward person irl so meeting new people and not making a fool out of myself is pretty damn hard.
the one of few hobbys i have is gardening which is suprisingly really calming and is the one thing that still keeps me a little sane.
after the whole thing with my father today i really started to think about just ending it all.
it was pretty easy to figure out from his words that life without me would be just easier to him and my mother.
same with people i know.
they seem so tired of me and my issues.
i'm not suprised, they shouldn't have to be worried about me and my well-being on top of living their life.
it's just so fucking hard having to struggle all by myself.
i feel pathetic writing it all here and whining so much but i don't have anyone else to tell it to.
i stay up all night because that's the only time i can finally ease up and don't have to worry about anything at all.
i'm just messed up and i don't know for how long i can take it.
if you read this whole long-ass post, thank you.
thank you for taking time out of your life to read it and let me feel heard.
and honestly it wasn’t that bad.
after living my entire life depressed this seemed like a cakewalk.
people were feeling sorry for me, weren’t expecting much of me, helping me out, being patient.
it’s weird how much a visible disability differs from a hidden disability like depression.
even the pain, the mental pain from depression, feeling beat up and defeated all the time, tired, worn down.
all of it is far worse than what i felt when my bones were sticking out my arms as i lay on the concrete.
i'm scared of what happens when it wins i dont want it to win but all i've got to fight for are memories that remind me of good times and it makes it worse because they are gone and it's my fault for not doing anything to try but its impossible to focus on life and people when i have this war in my head basically 24/7 for years with all the bad things that have happened in the years that keep piling on and on and making everyday harder and harder to make it through the next day
i'm nearly 3 months sober from cutting but i feel like i'm going to relapse, especially the past few days.
i've looked at online advice that's like "put an ice cube on your arm, draw on your skin, bake some yummy cookies" but i can't do any of that because my mom's boyfriend is over and i can't leave my room.
i do have markers in my room but my mom would get mad at me if her boyfriend saw me like that.
i can't talk to self harm/suicide line because 1) they would hear me talking on the phone to someone and i need to be quiet and 2) the text line takes too long.
does anyone have any advice?
i'm desperate.
i'll try anything at this point because my usual action plan isn't working this time around.
it’s so hard to not do it when you fail at something.
today i gave this girl my number, and i’d been wanting to do it for a while, but i was so nervous that i did it all awkwardly and jumpy that i think it creeped her out and now i’ve kind of just accepted failure and that i’ve preemptively burned what could have been a really nice bridge and i just feel super terrible and gross about the whole thing that i feel like self-harm is the only way i can relieve some of the stress.
i thought today was going to be good, but some days end with cuts.
tw: death, grieving, lossthis weekend we found out my aunt had multiple strokes.
today doctors told us she is brain dead.
she is technically still alive, but that is only because of the machines she’s connected to and the medicine they’re giving her.
she is the rock in our family.
always there for other people.
she is the glue in our family, she always brings us together.
she is my dad’s best friend.
she has helped him through his darkest times, she is the reason i still have him.
she was perfectly healthy, 56 years old.
and now she is gone.
i don’t have many family members in general that i feel comfortable with.
she is really the only family i’ve had, besides my dad and brother.
she was the closest thing i felt like i had to a mom, because me and my mom have had a really bad relationship for over a decade.
i feel so lost and empty.
i don’t know why but i can’t stop feeling like i’m bad luck.
i’m just everyone’s bad luck charm.
lately i feel like everyone i love is just suffering.
i feel like as soon as i enter a chat, a group, a video game, whatever then toxicity and bad things happen.
i’ve been telling my brother every night for weeks that i just don’t understand why bad things gravitate to me.
he recognizes it too, how many bad things directly happen to me.
without going into my whole life story, i’ve only had abusive relationships, i’ve had manipulative and toxic friends my whole life, my mom singles me out to yell at and belittle.
it just feels like never ending sadness and bad luck whenever i’m around.
i wanted my aunt to be there for all my accomplishments.
if i decide to go to grad school, whenever i get married, whenever i buy a home and raise a family.
i wanted her there, because i knew she’d be unconditionally happy and supportive.
the only other mother figure i had was my ex’s mom and i can’t talk to her.
this feels like the 3rd mom i’ve lost in my life and it just feels like too much.
i am but a silent tear, put to rest, in the everlasting fire.
i am but a scarred body, soulless, bleak.
you once promised me forever, maybe one day...why did it come to this?
i just got back from uni for my freshman year, if you can call it that.
i really didn’t do too much, other than start smoking weed and start actually doing well in my classes.
freshman year ends, and i get sent back to my hometown, which is 4 hours away from uni by car.
i am pumped for the summer, things are actually starting to look up for once.
i finally have a job, i have a few friends who live in town, and i generally am happier than i was at the beginning of the year.
fast forward a week.
i haven’t left the house except for work and the color in the world that i saw during university life has pretty much entirely disappeared.
the final nail in the coffin was when someone who i thought i was closer to shared a story on their snap of them at a party which was a party that i was not invited to, and was still going on.
i have gone to exactly 0 parties in my lifetime, and i guess that number is gonna stay at 0 for a while longer.
i don’t know if i even want to call him a friend anymore.
i mean, i’ve know the guy since we were 7, and now we are both 19. it’s not exactly a new friendship.
if so, why?
in my case i do it when something happens that remembers me to my crush, it helps to numb the feeling i get.
i wish i knew what i wanted in life, or even had the drive to get it in the first place.
i guess the reason it’s so hard to live is because i’m not really striving towards achieving anything - i just exist and that’s it.
that and the fact that i don’t have anyone to talk to about anything really and i suck at actually telling people that i’m not okay.
i mean it’s not really like anyone can do anything to help besides being sympathetic.
my mind just seems empty all the time, i can never think of anything interesting to talk about so i just resort to asking people about their lives cause there’s nothing going on in mine.
i’ve been telling myself that i’ll give medication and therapy another go but i think i’ll just find a way to screw it up again or it won’t help at all…
i'm not an antinatalist, but i feel like many parents have the wrong reasons for having children.
today i was deeply hurt when my parents told me why they had me.
they responded with, "why not?"
and, "imagine how boring it would be without you".
they also told me that they really wanted grandchildren from as well because it would be nice and it would pass on the family line.
 that word "nice" really struck me.
is this really why they had a child?
because it would be nice?
  i don't consider myself an antinatalist because of my christian values, but i was so pained to find out that my parents didn't really have a valid reason for having a child other than that it would be nice.
this is the kind of reasoning that you would use before buying a pet, not before having a child.
all of this pain and suffering i am experiencing just because my parents thought it would be nice to have me.
i really don't want to hate them, but a part of me truly does.
a child should never be created out of selfish reasons, but out of a will to improve the world for the better.
if i ever had a child (if i even lasted that long in the first place), i would have it in the hopes of making a positive impact to the world.
i feel really guilty as well because my parents are really nice people and i've seen many reddit posts about abusive parents.
i feel guilty for my emotions because my parents have never abused me and i am aware that there are many children out there who have it so much worse than me.
i can't believe that i was so deeply hurt by this conversation with my parents today when there are literally children being physically and mentally abused everyday.
my situation is such a first world problem, i'm a spoilt brat, i know.
yet i can't help but feel frustrated as to their reasoning for having a child.
my mom has never abused me, but i can't remember the last time she said anything good about me.
i know she loves me, but... sorry i can't put my thoughts into words.
i just wish i had never been born in the first place...
i'm so low rn i can't even type anything coherent..i just want to express i'm at one of my lowest points so that i don't do stupid things.
thanks for listening..edit: thank you to each and every one of you who took a few seconds or even minutes to remind me that i matter... that even though those "close to me" feel far.. those farthest from me can feel so close❤️ you're a reminder that there's still good in this world and i appreciate all of you.
we'll all be here together, one day at a time x-rf
about 2 months ago she left ever since i haven't been myself i just wish i had a gf who cares about me 😔
for more than 3 weeks, i've been feeling very sick and weak.
i have no appetite.
i don't like the taste of the food.
i can't breathe when i eat too much.
i now have dark circles under my eyes.
i feel nauseated and my head hurts almost every night.
i know that i have depression and anxiety, and i've been feeling very anxious and depressed for the past months, but could this be more?
my stomach also hurts a little.
i just want to sleep all day and not move.
i feel like dying.
has anyone experienced this too?
i know that the only way to know is to go to the doctor.
but maybe someone here could share if they have the same experience and tell me what they have?
i don't know.
i'm scared.
lately i’ve been feeling detached from myself.
i’m coming up on my year and a half anniversary of being sober and hiv+.
it’s been a lot to take in and deal with.
if there ever was a time to drink it would be after that diagnosis.
backstory, i’ll keep it short because what i’m about to write is the reason i’m tired.
last year i had a psychotic break, fell and bashed my head on the concrete and got a concussion.
at the hospital i found out i had pneumonia and encephalitis.
and oh yeah, by the way, your hiv+.
i spent a month in the icu, which i don’t remember.
i don’t remember 99% of that month and still don’t.
encephalitis and concussions cause memory loss and i got’em both at the same time.
my short term memory is still terrible.
my long term is super spotty.
things i know i should remember but can’t.
my mom and little brother came to see me and i don’t remember that, and that makes me sad still.
i missed thanksgiving and christmas.
my best friend of 27 years came to see me everyday.
love him to no end.
he said the nurse said i was close to death and they weren’t sure how well i’d recover cognitively.
so.
there’s no drinking in the icu so that was my rehab.
when i got out i had no impulse to drink.
it was gone.
poof.
one guy on here said i was a “spontaneous remitter” and that’s rare.
i walked out sober, vegan (that happened in there too) and positive with a shitty memory.
i’m tired of telling this story.
yes i know i’m a survivor.
and i’m doing great.
one day at a time!
people with hiv live long, good lives.
blah blah blah.
coming up on this anniversary is just making me think about the last year and a half and i don’t think i’ve fully dealt with it.
i realized the other day that i’d been talking  for granted that i’m alive.
i almost died.
i mean what do you do with that?
i’m in trying to overcome that.
so that’s why i’m tired.
could be worse.
i know, but i don’t know anyone i can relate to with all this.
so it just sits on my brain.
i’m sure in time this anniversary and it’s impact will lessen.
but the thing is, i’m impatient.
=]
i’m not trying to gush all of the things in my head here, and i’m not looking for a pity party to make me feel like i’m not alone.
but enough is enough.
i am just sooo tired and i don’t know what to do.
i went to a therapist years ago, and i didn’t know what to say then either.
it was 30 minutes of small talk.
i don’t think she ever got deeper than the guarded surface; and i didn’t know how to let her in.
i’ve been off work for a covid related respiratory issue since december.
i have never felt so alone.
in the decade i’ve devoted to my job all of my friends have focused on their families and careers while i’m just here, alone in my home.
nothing seems to matter anymore, nothing interests me and everything is a huge bother.
i’ve tried to focus on my house, with little success... i just want to feel ok again.
i want to want to do things.
i want to talk to people and not feel like i’m burdening them with my presence.
i want more than i’ll ever have, and that makes me, for lack of a better term, unbearably sad.
how do you start getting better, when you know you need to talk to someone, but you don’t know how to let someone in or express yourself in a way that’s beneficial to your treatment.
for sometime when i was a child, i experienced severe nighttime depression after the loss of a family member.
when going to bed i would be unable to sleep and stay awake endless hours feeling isolated and hopeless.
my mother always left the radio on to help us kids sleep, but to this day there are songs that were popular then that trigger me immediately now even 20 years later.
i don't exactly remember it getting better, but i do know that it lasted for sometime around a year i believe.
fast forward to present day and yes there are times when i struggle and have been on different medications that don't seem to help, but have always told myself i could handle it independently.
that is not the case.
my husband and i recently bought our first home and boom all of the sudden the nighttime depression is back in full swing.
we have lived several different places before and this never has seemed to impact me, but something now is causing a comeback.
i will be fine and feel happy and hopeful during the day, but usually around 4p-5p is when it slowly starts to creep back up.
i have an appointment with my doctor to talk about possible medications, but i'm mainly on here looking for suggestions and aid in additional relief and tips on how to help when facing the night everyday.
i want to feel happy and comfortable in my home, but i find myself constantly trying to figure out a way to get out and back to a place that i didn't have these feelings.
my husband has been completely supportive and understanding through this, but it has only been a month and i want to sell, and i don't want to have to go to that extreme.
i'm just afraid that even if i do overcome this, will the house forever be tainted to me?
just wanting help and hopefully some guidance to get rid of that sinking and crushed feeling in my chest.
tried to make an excuse to reschedule my belated birthday gathering because i was emotionally unwell didn't go so well.
i was still kind of forced to come out and was screaming inside the entire time because i no longer felt i was capable of being present to enjoy my time with friends.
feeling like i was getting fingers pointed at me for possibly overreacting at trying to work around everyone's schedule and making me feel like i'm being inconsiderate of people's time and circumstances made me feel worse when i had intended the exact opposite.
having a guy friend aggressively say that my time should only revolve around the time that i make with him and no one else's-- felt hostile and alarming to me when i told him that i can't guarantee but i will try to make time.
the excuse that it was a joke felt off putting and felt like he was gas lighting me when he tried to turn things around after pointing it out.
the text message exchange reminded me of recurring memories of my ex boyfriend and it certainly didn't make me feel good.
it made things weird when he sent me a reel with a quote revolving around, "what are we," after what had happened and when we are only friends.
a situation where i witnessed a creep trying to use suicide as an excuse to try to get close to a girl triggered my emotions as hearing him say that she was being dramatic.
it made me feel invalidated of my emotions and thoughts although it had nothing to do with me.
breaking down in a restroom stall and questioning my current emotions made me feel even more overwhelmed.
the thought of gathering more people for a mountain hike scares me as i don't want to put myself in another stressful situation like my belated birthday gathering.
the general thought of a social gathering is now also scaring me and i'm starting to lose interest in the plans that i was looking forward to in the next couple of months.
i want to shut out from the world right now and detox from any social interaction for a while and i don't want to lash out on anyone due to my emotions.
but i also don't want people to bug me and ask me if i'm okay and to talk about it because i know that they won't understand how i'm feeling.
it’s been a year since i am dealing with anxiety disorder, i am not medically diagnosed but i know i have it.
lately it’s getting worse for some reason, for example if i want to speak to someone about something my voice becomes shaky like i can’t even say one right sentence.
it’s so bad to the point that i am thinking about not leaving my room and see people anymore.
we haven't talked in ages but i had a dream about him.
he was sick.
i made up my mind to talk to him today but it turns out his facebook and snapchat profiles don't exist anymore.
i'm scared, i really want him to be okay.
i feel very stupid for not contacting him earlier.
he's the only person i've ever had romantic feelings for and i feel like i made the biggest mistake not following through.
i just need some sort of sign that shows he's okay.
i miss him so much.
came out of a very abusive relationship and i just wanting support and distractions from all the negative thoughts i’m having bc i really don’t wanna hurt myself again 😭
please say that i am not the only one that has this problem.
i kind of hate myself.
i needed to get up in a reasonable time today.
i (26f) always forget how bad i feel after drinking.
normally i avoid, numb, dissociate from bad feelings (or try to).
but today i can’t stop crying, feeing regret over the semester i just failed, feeling aimless useless and broken, even going full idiot and hitting myself a bit when i feel those waves of intense self-hatred.
i see why alcohol could be something to avoid in the future.
it’s hard when it’s so normalized.
i was definitely a binge drinker as a teen but i’ve grown out of that... but... maybe i just mask it better because i’m “high functioning”... i googled already how to get over hangover blues but i don’t think they’re written for the clinically depressed.
what do you do when your hangover has you feeling worse than ever?
this might be a long post.
in my life betrayal has been the norm.
my first memory is being beaten by my father while i was so young that i couldn't even roll over.
so i have pain at the very center of my soul.
both of my parents abused drugs, along with me and my siblings.
my mother wouldn't spank me, quite often she would punch me because i'm male.
she would constantly start physical fights with my father, and she would use random objects as weapons.
(she initiated almost all of the physical fights with my father).
after my dad left, things got worse.
my siblings and i would sometimes go days without supervision or food because my mother was out feeding her addiction, and my father was completely absent.
after moving in with my maternal grandmother, the physical abuse stopped, but i had to suffer near constant psychological abuse for being male.
my grandmother hated men, and would constantly gas light me and take advantage of me.
(example: i was taught that a "good man" pays bills.
so i was forced to get a job under the table washing cars, and almost all of my money went to support the household...i was 12)she would tell me to my face that i was basically expendable.
"walk to the store and grab (x).
i can't send your sister's because they might be kidnapped or raped."
she would let my mother back into the house periodically while i was at school.
so, i would come home, and all of my game consoles would be gone, sold for drug money.
when i objected to my mother having access to the house, i was called a psychopath (she even compare me to charles manson).
when i started dating the gas lighting became worse.
i ended up with a complete narrcists (because that was my "normal").
when i tried asking for advice on how to deal with my then girlfriend, i was always met with one piece of advice, "get used to it.
that's just normal behavior."
this girl did a number on me, she physically abused me, and cheated on me.
again, when asking for advice (even from people who weren't in my family) i was told that i just didn't understand girl behavior.
her actions weren't "bad" or "evil", i was just misinterpreting them.
by the time i was in my early 20s her and i had two children.
she was an awful mother, constantly using my kids to manipulate me.
when i finally had enough, i moved out and met the woman who would become my ex-wife.
her emotional abuse was more subversive.
she would refuse even the smallest request that i made of her.
she would constantly do things like; pick at my skin whenever we were close (even during sex), refuse to shower and then demand sex, attempt to manipulate me into not hanging with my friends by accusing me of cheating, or set up shit to tests so that i could prove that i loved her.
i felt like i couldn't leave her i wanted to give my kids a stable environment to grow up in...well at least more stable than my family was.
after a few years of this i snapped.
i noticed a commonality between the behavior of all of the women that abused me, and built a psychological profile that allowed to me manipulate women.
(at least women with a similar profile to my abusers)i was able to use that model to accurately predict the behavoir of my mother, wife, and many other women.
then i became extremely toxic.
i decided to put my model to the test and began testing it by sleeping with many women.
i justified this because all of the girls that i had dated used sex to force compliance.
i would see some of the same egocentric narrcisim that my female abusers displayed, so i didn't feel sorry for any of them.
to be honest, it really hurt me too.
first, it violated my own sense of right and wrong.
before i snapped i had only been with a total of 3 women, and 2 of them were long term monogamous relationships.
second, with every woman i slept with, i could feel my bias and disdain grow larger, and larger.
i was very angry that being honest and direct seemed to a suboptimal strategy for dealing with romance.
i came to a terrible conclusion that in this world, you're either predator or prey.
so i'm left in a place where i cannot trust.
i have sworn off romantic interactions because i can't make sense of them.
i know that i hurt a lot of people, including my children.
i feel the worst for them, because they didn't deserve it at all.
only the very worst people hurt the innocent, and that's what i did.
it feels like everything is awful.
expecting monogamy seems extremely foolish, and sleeping with multiple women is dangerous and irresponsible.
it feels like there are no good choices.
theres no way to be good.
if you're honest you're taken advantage of and it hurts.
if you're dishonest you can take advantage of others, but that hurts too.
i dont know what to do, or how to think.
i have no idea how to define "good behavior".
i can create effective strategies, but that's not the same thing and being a good person.
i know that what i've done is awful, but i have no idea how to be "good"....
last night i gave in; gave in to cutting.
a month back, a very close friend of mine died two weeks after an attempt to end his own life.
since then i figured, if i were to cut deep into a major artery it would be easy.
so last night, i did it.
i felt like hitting a jackpot.
but it didn’t kill me, all i felt was cold.
i didn’t want to go thru mother’s day, not because i’m grieving but i don’t see much in my mum.
had my driver to get me to a&amp;e; the attending doctor asked if i was doing fine.
the surgeon who patched it up spoke to me as it goes.
driver called my sister and that’s when everything went downhill.
she came down, had to remind me how useless and trashed up i was.
again putting the blame on me, i couldn’t go thru that ordeal again.
we had a heated argument that lead to getting a tad physical.
she was hitting so much that i had enough and pushed her.
her fall had fractured her ankle.
as much as she deserves it, i felt bad.
maybe she’s right, i’m just a useless trash.
now i’m back home feeling very dark, like someone is just telling me to do it again.
inner thigh hurts a lot cause the cut was deep and i had cut upon the femoral artery
hey.
nge was an amazing show, but i don't know why but the end really threw me in a large hole of depression, loneliness, and emptiness.
at least suicide is probably no option at this point.
but the show literally reflected all my flaws and insecurities..... can i talk to someone?
i just don't want to be lonely anymore... why do i have to feel this way?
why cant i have a good or at least normal life like most other people?
why do i have to suffer and to struggle my whole life?
why is there no way out?
why?
we understand that most people who reply immediately to an op with an invitation to talk privately  mean only to help, but this type of response usually leads to either disappointment or disaster.
it usually works out quite differently here than when you say "pm me anytime" in a casual social context.
we have huge admiration and appreciation for the goodwill and good citizenship of so many of you who support others here and flag inappropriate content - even more so because we know that so many of you are struggling yourselves.
we're hard at work behind the scenes on more information and resources to make it easier to give and get quality help here - this is just a small start.
our new wiki page explains in detail why it's much better to respond in public comments, at least until you've gotten to know someone.
it will be maintained at /r/depression/wiki/private_contact, and the full text of the current version is below.
###summary###anyone who, while acting as a helper, invites or accepts private contact (i.e.
pms, chat, or any kind of offsite communication) early in the conversion is showing either bad intentions or bad judgement.
either way, it's unwise to trust them.
 "pm me anytime" seems like a kind and generous offer.
and it might be perfectly well-meaning, but, unless and until a solid rapport has been established, it's just not a wise idea.
here are some points to consider before you offer or accept an invitation to communicate privately.
 by posting supportive replies publicly, you'll help more people than just the op.
if your responses are of good quality, you'll educate and inspire other helpers.
 [the 1-9-90 rule]( applies here as much as it does anywhere else on the internet.
 people who are struggling with serious mental-health issues often (justifiably) have a low tolerance for disappointment and a high-level of ever-changing emotional need.
unless the helper is able to make a 100% commitment to be there for them in every way, for as long as necessary, offering a personal inbox as a resource is likely to do more harm than good.
 this is why mental-health crisis-line responders usually don't give their names and callers aren't allowed to request specific responders.
it's much healthier and safer for the callers to develop a relationship with the agency as a whole.
analogously, it's much safer and healthier for our ops to develop a relationship with the community as a whole.
even trained responders are generally not allowed to work high-intensity situations alone.
it's partly about availability, but it's mostly about wider perspective and preventing compassion fatigue.
 if a helper gets in over their head with someone whose mental-health issues (including suicidality, which is often comorbid with depression) escalate, in a pm conversation it's much harder for others, including the /r/depression and /r/suicidewatch moderators to help.
(contrary to common assumptions, moderators can't see or police pms.)
 in our observation over many years, the people who say "pm me" the most are consistently the ones with the least understanding of mental-health issues and mental-health support.
we all have gaps in our knowledge and in our ability to communicate effectively.
community input mitigates these limitations.
there's no reason why someone who's truly here to help would want to hide their responses from community scrutiny.
if helpers are concerned about their own privacy, keep in mind that self-disclosure, when used supportively, is more about the feelings than the details, and that we have no problem here with the use of alt/throwaway accounts, and have no restrictions on account age or karma.
  we all know the internet is used by some people to exploit or abuse others.
these people do want to hide their deceptive and manipulative responses from everyone except their victims.
there are many of them who specifically target those who are vulnerable because of mental-health issues.
if a helper invites an op to talk privately and gives them a good, supportive experience, they've primed that person to be more vulnerable to abusers.
 this sort of cognitive priming tends to be particularly effective when someone's in a state of mental-health crisis, when people rely more on heuristics than critical reasoning.
 if ops want to talk privately, posting on a wide-open anonymous forum like reddit might not be the best option.
although we don't recommend it, we do allow ops to request private contact when asking for support.
if you want to do this, please keep your expectations realistic, and to have a careful look at the history of anyone who offers to pm before opening up to them.
welcome to /r/depression's check-in post - a place to take a moment and share what is going on and how you are doing.
if you have an accomplishment you want to talk about (these shouldn't be standalone posts in the sub as they violate the "role model" rule, but are welcome here), or are having a tough time but prefer not to make your own post, this is a place you can share.
we try our best to keep this space as safe and supportive as possible on reddit's wide-open anonymity-friendly platform.
the community rules can be found in the sidebar, or under "community info" in the official mobile apps.
if you aren't sure about a rule, please ask us.
please keep in mind that no activism, i.e.
advocating or fundraising for social change or raising awareness of social issues, is ever allowed here.
  it's not that we're against activism.
we're strongly in favour of it.
but we've learned the hard way that it doesn't work within a dedicated support space, so with regret, we can't allow it any more.
thanks for understanding.
please report any fundraising, awareness raising, petitions, calls for participation, or any post that's mainly about a cause or an issue rather than a request for personal support.
despite the fact that we always maintain a sticky post about it, we're still seeing a lot of violations of the private contact policy.
please read /r/depression/wiki/private_contact and report any violations that you see.
  widespread disregard of this important rule causes trouble for both helpers and vulnerable ops, wastes our time, and delays the improvements we're making to the community resources.
the first 6 words of the title is accurate too.
those who step on others and act with selfishness win.
myself and many others were raised to believe that being a good human being will reward you in kind, but that is simply false.
people are programmed this way in order for society to have an ample pool obedient lapdogs to be exploited so that the world can move forward without too much chaos.
guess who ultimately wins though?
those who exploit those obedient people.
every week i see a thread on people's bullies thriving in life, while those affected continue to suffer.
people with very selfish and abusive traits gain so much more in their lives.
it sounds silly, but it's true.
people latch on those types for security, excitement, and other animalistic gains.
morals don't mean as much as we were led to believe.
it's about survival and progress in the end.
everything else is just theatrics and virtue signaling.
i wish i wasn't led to believe in the idea of being a good person.
you can say, speak, and write whatever you'd like to convince me otherwise, but from actual life experience, what people say and what people do are often two contradictory things.
people reward evil behavior.
people willingly accept these types of people into their lives.
how they act and who they actually associate with tells me that being a kind person is weak and although people won't openly say it, they have no issue with weak people self-terminating.
we are just animals in the end and our actions, not words, tell all.
like i get it… what am i supposed to say, after work i’m going home to lie in bed for the night because i feel like shit and every day it’s the same because i feel like shit and this is all just an act while i hate this job with a passion now and hate life and hate myself and want to die?
because that’s the truth.
i can’t do this anymore.
officially 1 year ago i tried overdosing on 46x 36mg pills of concerta.
ended up making it 12 hours then was rushed to the hospital, stabilized after 2 days and spent the next week in a psyche ward.
i don’t really have anyone i can share this with but idk, i made it a year.
mental health is kinda improving.
i guess i kinda did it.
i still think about it like it was yesterday.
we met online, got attached to each other instantly and set goals to meet in future.
i just knew the time i met her she was the one and i just didn't want anything else.
our relationship was pure platonic, she was beautiful, kind, and caring.
unfortunately, she had some mental illness; depression, some personality disorder types.
i didn't mind that at all, and was convinced more to be with her and help her get thro it all.
we used to call whenever she was feeling down, she used to vent and take things off her chest.
later on, she got worse, honestly i don't why or what happened exactly.
maybe there's just no reason, and depression can be difficult and complicated to understand.
her anti depressants seemed to not work anymore, she didn't answer my texts, calls, or anything.
i was so scared of losing her, so there was this one time we got into a small argument.
i did understand her situation, but i just couldn't live everyday having her reply only once every like 12 hours.
this isn't about being a simp, i was worried about her because she had no friends irl, and her family isn't really the typical type of a family where she can vent and talk.
the situation got worse and worse until one time she disappeared for like 3 days.
her sister texted me that she was in hospital, she was in a bad shape due to her illness.
a few days later, she texted me and we talked, i tried my best making her laugh, doing stuff she likes or enjoy, we tried watching a movie, called her, etc.. i wanted her to know that i'm always there for her.
i guess there was no use at all of my actions.
she was far gone to reach.
she disappeared again for almost a week, in which her sister texts me later telling me that she committed suicide.
she told me that they wanna move on, but just wanted to tell me because i had the right to know.
since then, i've been blaming myself that i wasn't there for her, couldn't help her, the few arguments we had..i just always think that they might had bad influence on her.
i really think this is my fault, and i don't think i'll ever forgive myself for that.
since then i've been depressed, i can't really remember when was the last time i was happy or enjoyed something.
i just don't know what to do anymore.
i just wanted to take this all off my chest...baby, i miss you so much and i still think about you everyday.
until we meet again.
-h
tonight's been horrible.
today's been horrible.
i feel horrible.
head's boiling.
soul's screaming.
need to get it out.
need to get it out.
true off my chest subreddit.
go there.
make a rant.
uh oh.
too selfish sounding.
now i'm under the gaze of hundreds of watching eyes  the whole world revolves around me, i guess.
nobody'll care about my stress in a work place, i guess.
not putting in enough effort, i guess.
remind me not to go there again, not that i don't understand them.
they don't know me, i don't know them.
but after the adrenaline of being ripped out of your comfort zone wore off,  i wasn't happy.
or thankful.
i just felt really hurt.
i'm really scared now.
they might follow me here.
you might all hate me.
do i not put enough effort in?
do i not?
i've struggled mercilessly for six years.
i've grazed my skin with a kitchen knife, too fearful to cut deep enough.
i'm going to bed and getting some rest.
just the few words from those people, who probably meant well in a roughly honest way, sent me spiralling into an even darker pit.
maybe i'll wake up feeling better.
maybe i won't wake up at all.
both options seem good to me, and it just feels like im attention grabbing now.
it feels like it's all my fault.
i think it is for coming here in the first place.
i don't know what i deserve anymore.
my youth was stolen from me.
i started going bald at 17, just minor recession and some thinning.
a few months after i turned 18 my hair started falling out by the hundreds every day.
this caused me to start wearing hats all the time and stop connecting with old friends and going places .
now, at 20, my hair is shit.
i tried buzzing it to see how i look bald, but that looks so laughably awful that i would rather wear a wig.
the only reason i haven’t offed myself yet is because of my family.
they support me and love me even when i’m going through this and i can’t betray their expectations by taking the easy way out.
i used to be a bright, social, energetic guy, but that’s long dead and gone.
i rarely leave my house, and when i do i wear a hat to cover my baldness.
i hate the way i look bald.
i hate how it’s ok for people to make fun of balding/bald guys.
i hate how people just say “shave it and get jacked bro”.
i’m just so tired of all of this.
i just want my life back.
hello everybody.
i hope your all having a good night.
i don’t want to be dramatic but there’s a good chance i’m gonna end it like 30-50%.
any reasons not to?
i hope you all have a good night.
i feel like my depression took my entire teen years from me.
i spent all my free time in high school crying and self harming at home while everyone else had friends and hobbies and went to parties.
then i did the same thing in college.
i didn’t even move out from my parents house because i was too anxious to stay in a dorm.
my ex used to tell me about how much fun they had in high school and how they were in a bunch of clubs and how they had the most fun in college staying in dorms with all their friends and doing fun, dumb stuff.
it always destroys me to think about how i missed out on all of that because of something i couldn’t control.
now i’m 21 and just graduated college and i’m lost.
i have no friends, no partner, no job, me and my family are on rough terms and i just got diagnosed with anorexia.
it is just crushing me and idk what to do anymore.
and i’m afraid to tell anyone because i don’t want to be sent back to a psych ward since i have no money to pay for it again.
i’m just so broken right now.
can anyone relate to this crippling regret of missing out on what were supposed to be the best years of your life?
anyone ever get the urge to just delete all of your social media accounts, change your phone number, and move across the country?
i've been thinking about this a lot.
i don't feel particularly attached to any of my friends.
i'm certain this is my depression talking and not reality but that knowledge doesn't change my perception.
i feel like nobody loves me and nobody cares about me.
i feel like i'm a failure and i feel like i'm a disappointment and i feel like i'm a burden.
i, logically, shouldn't be feeling this way.
i'm graduating college this week and i could not care less about it.
i was literally more excited for falcon and the winter soldier to come out.
i just wish i could disappear without a trace and never speak to anyone that i know in my life now.
i just want to start over and live my life with no expectations.
i make plans and i want to follow the plans to be a better person and to live with purposes but the depression just makes it really hard for me to focus and to be motivated.
i'm ready to give up any moment.
so yeah, that's it.
sigh hahhaa i wish i could continue on living but i'm just tired.
i'm tired of feeling everything at once.
the shame, the guilt, the loneliness and despair.
love y'all, if you guys can keep on fighting i wish you guys the best in your journey of recovering.
ever since i (14f) came forward about my sexual assault it seems like everything is worse.
now it's all i can think about.
it's hard for me to look anyone in their face whenever i'm talking with them, i just stare at the ground all the time.
i feel really distant and my mind just keeps going a mile a minute no matter what i do.
i feel rather hollow.
it's like i'm gonna turn any corner and just see bas.
i wish i had never said anything.
every part of me is just screaming "cut yourself.
cut yourself."
i'm a week sober.
i just want everything to go back to normal.
i want to be able to just focus on school and getting my grades up but i can't.
i sit in class and try and focus but my brain just always drifts away to the memories of them.
i have no outlet.
i dont know what to do.
i want it to stop but i can't make it.
it's always there, just going and going.
i'm getting tired of it.
i'm feeling crazy.
i dont feel like being around anyone or talking much at all.
it takes me a while to respond when people say anything to me, i dont know why.
i dont like to be rude but i just cant help it.
i can't make myself go any faster.
i feel broken.
it hurts.
i wish they had to feel this too but i doubt they ever even think about what they did to me.
i feel close to the edge.
part of me wants to go back to the mental hospital before i do something bad but i dont want to.
i just want to be able to handle it myself and keep up with my normal life.
it's the main thing on my mind, seems like the most important thing but i dont know if it is.
school might be it.
relationships.
i dont know.
i feel so lost and hopeless.
i dont want to do anything drastic.
i dont need anymore suicide attempts.. i dont know.
any advice would be appreciated.
thanks for reading this far and i hope you have a nice rest of your day/night
almost 30. live with mother.
father abandoned me.
asked to leave college over suicidal ideation.
kept my very sick cat alive when i should have let him go.
no job.
can’t remember to take psych meds.
sleep a lot.
can’t keep a schedule.
i am a shitty person.
i could add more i’m sure but want to go to sleep.
at least when i’m asleep i can’t do anything stupid.
so let me start this by saying, i’ve worked all the way through the pandemic and actually i’m quite good at my job.
it’s not fancy but i like it and it pays bills.
today i get an email from my manager to call him.
in a 10 minute conversation he tells me that my role is being redundant as i am no longer required to work from home.
he gave me my notice and that was it.
all i’ve worked for over the last year and a half just -poof- gone.
i am currently so down.
i know i’ll find another job but this is what i put my heart and soul in and it’s just ... gone.
i guess somethings don’t change and i’ll always be a failure.
and now because of circumstances that were completely out of our control we’re just expected to function and be smart and productive and successful?
everything is so hard.
all i really want to do is die.
literally the only reason i get out of bed in the morning is to take my dog out cause i don’t want him to suffer cause of my illness.
if it wasn’t for him i would literally just sleep all day, or i’d have killed myself by now.
it’s bullshit that i have to hurt myself to end an existence that i never fucking asked for in the first place
i overate again.
i can feel my heart pounding through my chest and i get more worried every day that i'm going to have a heart attack.
i'm 5'9" 300 lbs, and i hate the way i look.
i hate the way i feel, i hate the way i am, and i want help.
at least, i tell myself that.
i just want the pain to be over, the answer to why i make all these horrible decisions for myself instead of being able to say the right things, stick up for myself, not feel so lonely, and do the things i need to do to make myself feel better.
it just feels like i was dealt a shitty hand and i have no way of getting back on track.
i've tried working with psychologists, social workers, psychiatrists with and without medicine, and i can't seem to get any better, only worse, and angrier.
the medicine worked for a little while but my med provider cut me off for 6 months and i ended up being off of it for the whole time.
the next time i took it, all i was feeling was a violent anger, and i knew that wasn't who i was.
i just wish it were easy.
but it's so hard to do and i don't know if i have the strength to keep fighting, it's so hard to go to bed, wake up, face the day, and have to deal with an endless torrent of shit that life throws at me while i try not to show that i'm so weak, and tired, and so, so done.
it doesn't help that my only coworker, my trainer, treats me like a child.
he constantly touches me, invades my personal space, and constantly bullies me for the smallest things, going on for hours at a time about how i fuck everything up, how i need to be more like him, how everyone shit-talks about me behind my back, how the managers all want me fired but he's the one sticking his neck out for me, but then constantly nitpicks and yells at me.
and the worst part is, he won't even do half the shit he tells me to do, i might as well have taken up half his workload.
it's just so awful, especially considering my family won't let me leave this job.
"your cousin got you this job, are you really gonna let him down like that?"
"listen there's always gonna be a [name of trainer] wherever you go, you just gotta suck it up""you need this job, if you quit it now, you can kiss your warm bed goodbye."
and my favorite, from my dad:"you might as well just give up on everything then, because you obviously can't handle being an adult.
can't wait to introduce everyone to my lazy slob son!"
like i already don't think about just giving up and never leaving my bed every day of my life.
i just, why was i born as me, why couldn't i have been anyone else?
and why is it that i feel like the answer and the solution is right in front of me but i just can't be bothered to reach out and grab it.
i'll be 35 this year and i'm realizing i've never been asked to be in a wedding.
i know, sounds stupid but hear me out.
that same revolution lead me to remember that i haven't spoken to any adult other than my so in weeks... months...i recently left my emotionally abusive job that paid very well so i could work from home and spend more time my kids.
at first i was so happy!
no more driving 1.5hrs one way to work.
i took a pay cut (about a 3rd of what i was making) so i could get out of there.
working from home has brought forth all kinds of realizations.
if i'm not in the office with people who are forced to interact with me, no one really does.
no texts, calls, tags on social.... i spend my day cold calling people i don't know, only to go sit on my couch and mindlessly watch tv.
at the same time, my family heads off to do their own thing, not even noticing me feeling sad and broken (thankful they don't).
i just want a friend.
someone to talk about stupid stuff.
giggle over nothing.
not feel alone all the time.
hello people of this reddit👋👋 im not gonna post about my depression or anxiety right now but i wanted to post about you guys.
i hope you have a great day and life from now on.
remember that the past is the past so dont beat yourself up for it.
,,yesterday is history tommorow is mystery but today is a gift, that is why they call it present".
take that into heart and think happy thoughts i love everyone of you ❤
i'm 21f and i hate life.
im stuck, can't find a job despite my best efforts, and ive never been in love, in a relationship or even on a fucking date.
ive been asked out once and it was a goddamn april fools joke.
because that's all im worth to people.
ive lost 50 lbs and yet i'm still called a fat cow by parents and told "no one wants a fat girl, lose more weight so guys want you!".
yes im independent and thats good but god itd be nice to be someone's choice for once.
am i broken?
is that why no one chooses me?
they think they're so smart, but i can see right through them.
i know you stopped talking so i'd feel uncomfortable, and start spilling my guts to try to fill the silence.
i told you i didn't want to answer that question and your immediate reaction is to try and manipulate me?
unfortunately for you, i'm stronger than you are.
i can and will hold silent eye contact for 10+ minutes if that's what it takes to make you understand that i won't let you manipulate me.
when i try to play along, with their stupid games, over the months i just get worse and worse.
therapy just doesn't work for me, but everyone keeps trying to shove it down my throat, because they can't come to terms with the idea that i can't ever be happy.
i've accepted it.
now it's your turn.
me, my uncle and my grandma live at the same house together, and she and my grandpa has been taken care of me for ever since i was born from my mother that had a mental disorder making bad decisions still does since her friends come first then her own son, my dad was a drug addict, my uncle and i are born 5 years apart, now she’s very weak now, my grandpa died of lymphoma (65) and he loved us and a he was a caretaker to her, i miss him so much, no one else will never take care of her but i always take care of her, her family doesn’t care about her and always starts drama with her, i don’t have any friends or family because most of them cause drama against her, lost one her sons now (41) because her instigator mother lied about her being a bad person and he never talked to her again since 1998, her sister and her friend stole from us, her other sister framed her on something her mother did, one time i saw her crying because of my uncle (25) treating her, look my uncle is arrogant and disgusting, i hate him so much he never clean his room, he makes a mess around the toilet seat and never wash his hands, he never does the lawn, take out the trash, etc, i clean after him and worst my grandma has to suffer to clean after him and she’s suffering from end stage kidney failure, the only thing he ever does is working at taco bell and hangs out with his girlfriend, one night grandma and my uncle had an argument about him cleaning his room i get very anxious if i ever stand up to him if i did my uncle will called child services on me and since my grandma put guardianship on me to him unfortunately, if grandma gets mad at him he’ll try to put her in a retirement home but never does just says it think god, he only cares about his girlfriend more then us, he never payed rant, he lied and always be the “gonna kid” whenever he says he’s gonna pay you back, oh, he never does it, i have autism, with so many disorders, ocd, anxiety, adhd, mostly now depression, i tried to tell grandma but she thinks i’m making it up, i got tested in the pass when i was 12 with no disorders but just autism, now i’m almost 21 i just feel it, i never had a phone to talk to anyone since my grandma acts like a helicopter parent, i want to become independent so i can help her, we can’t take this no more, the way we get treated by my uncle or other family members for standing up for myself or for grandma but she says i make it worse, i don’t wanna watch her put all her stress to herself, i think to myself why “no one cares for us”, i don’t want to kill myself even due on so much stress i been put my life it’s been worse since after my grandpa died!
i need some help and advice please...
i feel like i’m never good enough at anything.
i always compare myself to others.
i hate knowing that no matter how hard i work their will always be someone better then me.
i always think my girlfriend is going to leave me the second something better comes.
i feel pressured to always be amazing.
anytime i think of my girlfriends exes i always panic.
being not good enough is the main thing driving me towards wanting to disappear.
how can i reassure myself that i am good enough ?
this is my story fighting depression and the lie of happiness.
excluding therapy most of the advice, self help books, seminars, etc.
all have a myriad of points but most boil down to a couple that they all share: eat healthy - watch your diet, don't eat junk food and generally just have what's considered a "healthy" diet exercise - including the added bonus of release of hormones and chemicals after an exercise session having a decent looking body is supposed to elevate your confidence and self-esteem meditate - helps to clear your mind and sort out your inner world journaling - write down what you are grateful for and both your negative and positive experiences so years down the line you can chuckle at your old self go outside - going outside boosts your immunity, helps confidence, etc.
 connect with people - be it family or friends always try to envelope yourself with people positive mindset - instead of thinking "wow this sucks" think "wow, i got so far" rid yourself of vices and addictions - quit drugs, cigarettes and alcohol and any harmful substance or thing you might be doingnow dear reader let me tell you my story, i was a scrawny kid who was bullied so i put on a little over 40 lbs and worked out like crazy, now i look like a normal adult male, i also eat really well because i cook for myself and don't indulge in junk food and let me tell you it doesnt bloody matter at all.
i am eating the healthiest diet, the most optimal diet for cutting and bulking and maintaining occasionally cheating but its not worth crap.
"exercise helps" bullshit, nothing has changed in the last 2 years except the copious amounts of money i spent on supplements and food, but hey at least instead of spending that on cigarettes and alcohol and drugs i spent it on something else.
literally no one cares, and i still hate myself.
i hate how i look, i hate how much money i spent, i hate when i cheat, i hate my mindset, i even stopped hating myself and nothing has changed!
journaling and meditation my ass, meditating 30 mins and wailing in my own misery on the bathroom floor had the exact same effects, there's no magic transcendence, it's all the same, it's a big hoax to make yourself look fancy.
journaling, now that was interesting, writing down what i was grateful for, i literally had to concentrate until i had headaches just to write 2-3 things that are positive, fear not i also had a journal for every time i experienced a depressive episode or such, and i can tell you that in 2 years time the "grateful journal" has a little over 900 words, a lot of repetition and the "negative journal" has over 15,000 words.
yay!
going outside and connecting with people especially during the covid-19 pandemic is a joke, not that it wasn't before.
moreover, going outside in a post-soviet country?
good luck finding beauty between grey and beige concrete cube apartment buildings, junkies, thugs and other poor misery.
want to escape into nature?
no can do, its a couple of 100s of km away from me and i don't have a car.
i don't have friends and the couple of people that tolerate me cannot relate at all, they just liked me because of my drunken stupors and intellectual debates because i read a lot and sometimes find what i have to say interesting (although, they never actually want to pursue a genuine discussion which further reinforces my loneliness).
also doesn't help that me being autistic people tend to avoid me because they think i am weird and it is getting increasingly difficult to meet people or even have a normal conversation.
i really don't want to spend time with family is they are narcissistic and emotionally abused me (i recommend r/raisedbynarcissists if you want to know what it's like), doesn't help that i am autistic but in my family mental illness doesn't exist, ergo neither does support.
finally, the positive mindset is a joke, i am at my wits end, there is nothing positive i can think of in my situation, over 250 job applications and still no job (before covid) what should i think "i'll get it next time"?
suffering emotional abuse "at least i'm not physically abused"?
i am attending university and finishing it and getting a diploma from something i don't even know or like, "at least you have a diploma?
there's other who also don't know what to do?"
i tried, i genuinely did.
i even visited a psych ward asking what to do and they turned me away saying "you aren't diagnosed so we can not take you" (like almost jumping from the roof or shooting my self in the head isn’t an adequate sign) and some form of "if you can't pay then you can't stay".
therapists just take your money, don't diagnose crap and gave the same exact advise i put here "you have to work on yourself and it will be better".
honestly, i don't know where i am going with this post, i think i just needed to open up after keeping it in for the last couple of years.
so here i am, eating healthy, working out, reading and writing, finishing university in a couple of weeks, no gf, no friends, no job, no money, living with my parents and still as miserable as before i started.
but hey, at least i don't do drugs, drink and smoke.
edit: typo
i’ve been diagnosed with treatment resistant depression.
i’ve taken dna tests, taken more medications than i can remember and tried just about everything.
my doctor suggested maybe trying ketamine treatments.
there’s no way i could currently afford that.
i try not to burden anyone too much with what’s going on so i guess i just came here to be able to rant a little bit.
i’m just worried i’m out of options and will end up doing something that will devastate a lot of people i love and care about.
thanks for letting me put my thoughts into words.
when you have fought your demons for 20 years and realise you have fought a battle inside yourself for more than half your life and you want to celebrate have someone be proud.
only to realise that the people around dont understand what an accomplishment it is.
when you have watched others fall and loose to the demons inside.
you feellucky you survived.
celebrate small victories be proud of how far you have come even if it is only a step.
a step is still a victory.
never give up never stop fighting hever be afraid to celebrate small victories.
be proud, scared,happy,sad,atpeace, however you want to feel but just know someone will always be proud a stranger you never meet the little spark inside you thought you lost.
the spark is there it holds you up.
sending hugs hope and pride to all be proud of where you are and where you have come from.
my mind is consumed constantly by disturbing thoughts.
i’m a lot better than i’ve been, in my sadness, my self awareness.
the things that happened with me involved damaged me.
i can accept that.
i can accept that i’m not happy, but i’ve done this to myself.
the world poisoned me and as the poisoned released i in then poisoned myself.
i’m convinced i’m not meant for this life.
while i know i am, that i am a special soul if you will.
but that doesn’t make it any easier.
i feel as if i fit nowhere, that until i am alone i cannot be i, and even then i’m so entrapped in the thought that i, whoever it is i am, is wrong.
i’m not a bad person, i don’t lie often, or cheat, i don’t steal.
i hold my morals high within my life as to who i am to the world around me.
it is the inside that sends me downward.
i just feel sad.
i think about killing myself all the  time.
every day.
but i know i never will.
i’m past certain times in my life and mental health.
i no longer do drugs, or self harm,  i stopped drinking occasionally just to keep myself in a balanced place mentally, or rather what i thought would of.
even still, i’m surrounded by these thoughts that life is beautiful but i am the problem.
i don’t feel like i’m insecure with myself, if anything the opposite.
somehow though in this mess of my mind i’ve conditioned myself into thinking that this life would be a lot better if i wasn’t around.
it’s hard to know i have to keep going, even when i don’t see a reason why.
thank you for reading.
i  hate waking up so much every day i just feel shitty and i have to leave for school in 30 minutes and i don't want to.
i feel like i'm about to have a mental breakdown and can't do anything
im 18. my depression has got worse since the age of 15. one thing that is hunting me every single day, is what i could have done different.
there is so many things i regret, and tbh its what driving my depression today.
i create fake storys in my head, in what if i done something different.
my head is saying suicide is the only way to stop this.
i fkn hate this stupid piece of shit unfair world.
but i don’t know what else to do.
i hate talking about this shit.
why does it feel disingenuous to talk?
i feel fake.
maybe because i don’t have any real issues in my life.
i’m just a lazy, fucking idiotic loser who wants to die.
please god just have me die.
my mom wants me to talk to her.
i never talk to her about this stuff.
how could i even?
she works so much and already has so much stress on her plate that it’s ridiculous and i’m supposed to come up and tell her how much i fucking hate myself, every single fucking ounce of me and how much i don’t care about anything i just want to die.
how the fuck do i tell her this???
i cannot.
i cannot add to her stress.
she will breakdown like me.
i don’t know why i’m alive.
i have, or at least had, aspirations.
right now i don’t fucking care.
i don’t care what happens to me.
except i do.
i an issue with expectations.
1. i have high expectations from myself.
when i don’t meet them, i recognize that i am a fucking retarded failure.
2. it’s not even about me reaching the high expectations.
i can’t even reach minimal expectations of life that every body else meets.
i used to be great in school.
now, i fail classes, i don’t attend college at the moment.
am i doing anything productive in hw meantime?
no.
what am i doing with my life?
i don’t fucking know i stay up too late, wake up too late, repeat.
i want to fucking die.
i love school, i hate it because i am not good at it anymore.
3. i don’t want to recognize that my personal expectations are too high.
i hate that i cannot even do the simple things everyone else is doing.
these are low expectations now that i am failing.
fuck me.
through high school i had barley a social life.
i’m not socially awkward and was friends with many people, but i only spent time with them at school.
not outside very often.
what was the point?
i look back and i think, well, how well i did in high school doesn’t even matter because i’m fucking up in the here and now.
so i think to myself, i should’ve made some fucking memories and hung out like normal people.
maybe make a friendship that would be longer lasting than fucking high school idk.
i should’ve at least had some fun if it was all going to come to this anyways fucking nope.
wasted.
everything a waste.
i’m a waste of space.
i got in a bad car accident as a passenger.
then, a year later when i started driving early on i had my first accident.
car totaled.
if i had a passenger in the car they would’ve been dead because of me.
i cannot drive, i refuse.
i cannot cross the street without feeling a rush of frightened adrenaline and flinching.
i cannot look at oncoming traffic or turns without the same thing.
but how the fuck am i supposed to live life without driving?
public transportation is a no go unless i wanna get stabbed by a crackhead one day.... although maybe i want to actually.
how am i supposed to live?
go to school?
go to work if i ever got a fucking job like a productive member of society.
ask my fucking mom to drop me off everywhere like a fucking middle schooler?
as if she doesn’t have her own life?
why can i not function properly??
i fucking hate myself.
every last fucking ounce.
i am unproductive, i am lazy no matter how much i do not want to be it feels like my natural state and that’s fucking disgusting and contemptible.
why do i default to a fucking slothish waste of space?
and i am a fucking moron.
god am i fucking retarded.
my common sense is none.
my memory is garbage.
i can’t remember anything ever.
i feel like my brain is shrinking and crushing me inside it..i do not want to be here.
i wish i hadn’t ever been born.
i want to live, but i do not.
i really fucking do not.
please take me god because i’m too pussy to do it myself and if i did it would hurt my family even more than just a freak accident or something.
my mom will kill herself if i killed myself i know it.
i fucking know it.
she might kill herself no matter how i die to be honest, suicide or not.
so what now i must wait lifetimes for family to pass before me?
even then the kids in my family exist too at least they wouldn’t kill themselves over my death thank god please stop this.
people i do not have real world problems or issues.
i am not starving, i have a home, i am blessed but i am just a horrible person.
i am a bad person, a bad human being.
i am a bad person, i do not contribute to society.
i do not contribute to my family as i avoid school and don’t work and can’t even fucking drive anybody around i do not want to fuck up again and get in another wreck this time with my mom or little cousin or anyone and get them killed i do not know what is wrong with mei do not have real issues.
i am just a lazy, retarded fucking losserrrrrrr.
a fucking loser.
a loser.
that’s the best word there is.
a fucking deadbeat loser.
fucking worthless.
i want to fix myself but i cannot, i fail at every step.
i failed so many classes and the same classes in a row i do not know how to go back to school and continue and how do i explain myself???
oh fucking boo hoo you cry like a little bitch at home because why???
you have no real problems.
you do not even have a job how can you fail school and that’s your only real responsibility?
i will probably be rejected.
my work ethic is bad, and in some subjects i simply cannot keep up.
i am an embarrassment.
a fucking loser bum.
the pandemic is not an excuse, i was already a fucking loser bum.
i despise this.
i despise me.
i hate that i hate myself and i hate who i am and all of it goes in a circle that makes me hate myself even more for being weak.
i am a weak little loser bitch bum.
i am a little bitch.
why am i scared?
i don’t know why i am so scared.
i hate myself for not being strong enough to stop myself.
it is an endless cycle.
i saw a youtube video by a woman and she said something amazing and so true.
hating oneself is narcissism.
it is extremely narcissistic.
i realize this now, i think of myself too much.
but how do u stop when i am myself?
i am me, how do i stop being me?
so that i can stop thinking of me.
i am therefore a narcissist.
i realize this now.
but i do not even feel comfortable with myself and as myself so how do i surpass myself?
i. fucking.
hate.
myself.
i hate my mind, i hate it.
fuck you.
please take me god.
as much as i want to live i want to not exist.
since i was inside all i did was screw shit up!
my whole life has been screwed up.
now look at me.
i’m nothing but toxic poisonous shit!
i feel so done with my life!
i don’t know what else to do!
i lost my job my car and now i’m stuck at my moms house getting fucked up traumatic flashbacks since infancy!
i don’t think i was ever meant for life!
i just screwed shit up now i’m damaged goods!
i’ve felt for over 2 years that life doesnt let you go anywhere.
u only suffer and have to so things u dont like.
im only in my 18-24s rn.
there is nothing wrong with my life, everything is perfect.
but i enjoy nothing.
because i think like this i dont have any motivation to do anything for school and stuff.
i watch some series and play some games to distract myself but thats it.
i genuinely dont want to live long but also dont want to commit suicide.
are there any people who feel the same way?
i cut myself, it’s not too severe and i’m ok.
i really think crying right now would make me feel better but i literally just feel numb and emotionless.
i was diagnosed with major depressive disorder when i was 12, and my teen years were...rocky.
but now, nearing 30, my depression (ugh you start referring to it as “my depression” and it’s like it’s an ugly incontinent pet that follows you around and likes to get piggybacks) has taken so many different forms as i’ve aged.
and nobody tells you that.
and i just...sometimes i miss when i was a teenager and it was like wild and violent sadness, you know?
you’d cry every day for no reason, and it was so dramatic, you’d like fling yourself to the floor and play nightwish, and punch things, and be so sure that suicide was like right around the corner for you but every day you held on felt like a triumphant punch in depression’s smirking fucking face.
but then in my 20s i just started drinking and sleeping.
i missed an entire semester of college, at first i just kept inventing food poisonings and deaths in the family, and then i stopped bothering and just failed everything because i didn’t have the energy to make excuses and they didn’t care if i wasn’t there anyway.
in the sleeping beauty phase, i lost two jobs and wasted $13,000 in tuition, it was three years before i pulled out of that nosedive.
and here i am, almost 30, and this incarnation of that unwanted party guest depression is the most insidious yet because it’s just dull, plodding numbness.
i didn’t react emotionally when my boyfriend of seven years broke up with me.
didn’t even care that much.
i just packed up my shit and moved back in with my parents.
covid affected me not at all because i never really go out.
i’m just plodding along, studying for certs in my new career path.
it’s in it.
i’m not that interested in it, but i don’t have the drive to turn a bfa in drawing into a lucrative career and i wasn’t that good anyway.
ok, so i know somewhere along the way this turned into a “piteous me, (back of hand to forehead) the petals of my youth have come to rot” the point i’m trying to make is this: my depressive episodes are recurrent, i’m learning that i have to be prepared for the fact that the coping skills i develop for one iteration of depression might not work for the next “series.” because it’s always so different.
it’s a good thing humans are so damn adaptable.
the stigma around depression is that it’s a disorder for people who “can’t hack it.” i’d argue that we’re some of the most resilient people around.
i don’t feel like i can accomplish anything.
i feel like i’m stuck in a city i don’t know anyone other than my boyfriend.
we’ve been together 3 years i moved here a year ago.
iv been through so much worse , why can’t i get myself out of this funk?
i went to jail when i was 18 because i was young and dumb and hung out with bad people.
i was only in county for 3 months but was convinced a felon.
iv been addicted to drugs , a good friend and lover oded and it was a dark time , i got clean and started college.
i come from a poor family but my work ethic is great .
i got hooked on vic’s for awhile , then said what the hell am i doing ?
so i got clean.
time goes by and i got my associates degree and i should be so proud but i feel like it’s not good enough, now what?
i have no clue what to do.... who will hire a felon?
why did i waste time and money going to school to try and prove to myself and others i’m good enough, no one seems to care.
i’m lost, my boyfriend i feel like hates me, i have no one.
i’m now cleaning as many side jobs as i can to get by .
i’m just to my breaking point and i’m so lost .... i feel like this world is so cruel.
i don’t belong anywhere
i am 39m, i suffer from major depressive disorder, general anxiety disorder, bpd, alcohol use disorder, sexual dysfunction, and gender dysphoria.
i am lonely and too broken to find anyone.
i don't have anything to live for.
i don't enjoy anything and everything is just hard work.
i am only here for my son, but i don't know how i can make my life meaningful.
i can't transition or my ex wife will stop me seeing my son.
i am too broken 😭
how can i stop these thoughts?
i always think about my family(my 3 younger siblings, and parents) dying.
these thoughts especially come at night when i'm in bed but not asleep yet.
i'll think about how my parents are getting old(one in mid 30's, other in early 40's), and then start thinking about how precious time is, and start getting depressed thinking about how we'll eventually be gone off the face of earth.
please give me advice on how to stop these depressing thoughts.
i'm only a teenager now, so i'm not sure if this is a normal thing during this time when "hormones are everywhere".
i notice i tend to have good happy dreams when i'm depressed, like a defence mechanism that's trying to buy me some level of happiness and sanity.
what ends up happening is me waking up and being twice as depressed as yesterday.
also it doesn't really help thinking of all those theories about how sleeping is dying and all this shit but i'm just trying not to think about it too much.
just took another day of work, hope i don't get fired.
also hope you guys are doing fine.
i don't need any comment wishing me to feel better.
the problematic thought process that i have is that people who commit suicide are the most selfish and narcissistic people in existence.
i know that we don’t say “commit” suicide anymore, but i call bullshit on that.
i’m gonna keep using that word.
committing suicide is a heinous and horrible thing to do because of the people that are left behind.
i don’t give a shit how depressed you are or how fucked up your life is.
you don’t just leave the people in your life forever.
at the same time, i am aware that this is troubling to think this way and i hope that someone can help me see a different perspective.
its hard for me though because of the bias i have towards people and mental health.
i’ve had 3 family members take their lives.
with covid, my dad who was a functioning alcoholic turned into a full-fledged dysfunctional alcoholic.
he almost died twice (i would classify them as suicide attempts, but it’s hard to tell how he really feels).
i myself have struggled with depression my entire life because of my sexuality.
but i would never end my life.
maybe i’m just privileged?
lack empathy?
too emotionally involved?
idk.
if anyone would like to respond to this i’d love to hear your perspective but it was good to just rant.
i wish i could just give up.
i don't know why i'm alive when i know the truth: kife is suffering and death is freedom.
why try and solve my problems when they get so rapidly replaced by new ones?
why try and trick myself into thinking people love me when i know that deep down i am alone?
why can't i kill myself when i want to, i don't want to get better, i just want to die.
why?
hope is a lie.
it sells, so people use it.
it tricks us.
it tricks us into paying money we don't have on pills and therapy which won't help.
i wish i could just forget it forever.
fully sink into the knowledge that there is no hope, no future.
it feels like the only way for me to be free.
hanging out with friends drains me.
having family or my gf around is exhausting.
i can see the people i love dearly drift away because i keep my distance.
i watch from afar as they move on and live their lives without me, while i'm still stuck in the same place i've been in for years.
when they talk i am quiet.
when they're quiet i leave.
i have nothing to say to them, and when i do, every attempt is fruitless.
i am nothing but awkward, unintelligent and unlovable.
they "yeah" me.
they "okay" me.
i don't know what i'm doing wrong.
i just want to feel like i used to when i'm with them.
i need appreciation, but i'm nobody's first choice in anything for good reason.
i've truly changed for the worse, and i don't see myself ever going back.
i just want to curl up into a ball and turn into soil for the worms to feed on.
reddit,(this is extremely long)never in a million years would i have thought i would ever post on reddit.
this is a dangerous place for somebody as sensitive as myself, but before i seriously contemplate leaving this life behind earlier than intended, i need to completely lean in to vulnerability and to get a second, third, etc., opinion.
at the very least, i hope this makes somebody else feel less alone and that it helps in some way.
i feel completely trapped.
the pain is so unbearable that my body is breaking down.
it feels like somebody has crammed a steel ball down my esophagus and i can't breathe, the migraines are making it difficult to see and hear, i'm losing my hair, and every muscle aches and tremors.
i want to preface this by saying that i have bipolar.
in 2018 i married my husband.
we met in college, said goodbye for a few years when i went to graduate school in another state, and we fell back in love when i moved back.
it was mostly bliss.
being with him was so natural.
when we got married, i didn't have a shred of doubt whatsoever that this was the wrong decision.
he was/is kind, caring, fiercely committed, stable, great family, independent, into the kind of music i was.
when i looked at him i saw home.
in 2020 is when, pandemic aside, things went south.
it started with the death of our cat.
putting her down was difficult, and for whatever reason, chaos steadily descended after that.
but it wasn't until we started trying to get pregnant for nearly a year, unsuccessfully, and then undergoing fertility treatment did our communication really break down.
sex for conception, only, for so long turned it into a chore.
i was tired down there, having sex when i didn't feel like it, constantly.
nobody was violating me but i still felt violated spiritually.
sex was a way we really connected in the past.
now we hated it.
with treatment, the poking, prodding, really painful and invasive tests, medications and vitamins (particularly co-q10 and the hormone treatment) was a devastating blow to my moods.
i was so escalated to the point of wanting to actually smack somebody, and then so low that i couldn't make it through a meal without crying.
i still don't understand why food made me cry.
i wasn't being monitored by my doctors because for so many years i had been in recession with my bipolar, or at least it being manageable, that i actually had no idea what was going on until i reflected on it later.
the treatments didn't last long not just because the treatment itself was a difficult process, but because i was feeling neglected despite this all really hurting.
i had to invite a conversation, or come in to the room crying, to be checked in on.
my ex-husband was not a mean person, but i still felt alone.
things really cracked when he told me he needed to attend a work meeting over sitting in the waiting room for fifteen minutes while i was being split open again.
all of this was happening to my body, and his only play was jerking off into a cup?
despite the fertility issues being with him (which is not his fault, this was a joint decision, but this just demonstrates how low i got with my feelings)?
i knew after this that our relationship was headed into darkness and we needed to act before it was too late.
going out more, discovering new places, bonding.
then enters the pandemic, the world shutting down, and isolation.
instead of folding into each other it was work, his hobbies, and my hobbies, separately.
there was only one place i could legally go for enjoyment that fell into one of the moratorium loopholes which was an animal sanctuary.
i went every weekend.
i shared my discomfort, and the volunteers there were adamant that i shouldn't be with this person anymore.
people who are not bipolar sometimes do not understand how vulnerable to the opinions of others you can be when you're really suffering.
i'd come home, i'd want to talk about how i was feeling, and i would get "i'm sorry", then a thousand words about what was going on at work for him.
i'd go back to the sanctuary.
people listened to me, cried for me, rubbed my back without me asking for it.
i noticed somebody there.
when i did, i was shook.
my ex-husband was upstairs putting together furniture, and i started sobbing.
i told him that i had developed these feelings, and that i don't want anything to do with them and that we have to fix this.
the bottom line is that looking back now, when it was happening, i don't feel like i tried hard enough.
i was tired and unstable and found it difficult to see the long-term effect my actions had vs.
the short-term relief of feeling understood.
i had an affair.
i moved out.
i was devastated by my decision, my ex-husband was willing to work through it.
then i lost my job.
my job i had for five years that i loved.
it is difficult for somebody with bipolar to find stable employment because a working environment is full of countless triggers that make it difficult to function.
for a while i survived perfectly, because i wasn't reeling from the effects of being untreated while undergoing fertility treatment, and i was so used to not being crazy that once again, when i spiraled from this, i didn't catch it.
things got much worse from there.
went back and forth, back and forth, many times.
we're divorced now.
i wanted freedom from feeling miserable and instead of tracing this back to unaddressed mental illness, i traced it back to my ex-husband.
i was impulsive, unstable, unreliable.
it was convincing and final.
he's not looking back and honestly who the fuck would?
i've been in survival mode since then to the point where i just don't have enough more to go on.
i've had unstable employment since then.
i practiced law for a short time at a nonprofit, which was miserable.
i thought i had finally made a break by departing from my profession and into a new world with a client i used to serve.
the environment is chaotic and our director is incredibly mean and condescending.
it's not a safe place for a sensitive person.
i feel incompetent because my memory and focus is a net-zero.
i keep forcing myself into these roles that i'm not actually good at for reasons i can't understand.
thought i'd really step out and roll the dice, and got a boob job - did absolutely nothing for my self-confidence.
10/10 do not recommend altering your body in a fundamental way when you are low.
it doesn't help.
never in my life have i ever been so dark.
i have always been extremely confident and driven, even when sick (in the bipolar sense).
i really thought i had nailed life as i was such a high-functioning person with bipolar.
the pain of losing my ex-husband is so great that it's unbearable.
he was my best friend.
how could i have been so selfish?
why couldn't have i given him more of a chance to grow, and given myself more of a chance to get help and heal?
how could i have just folded right in to negativity?
in my vows i promised always to protect him.
i failed.
there is absolutely no way somebody could ever love me the way he did, or for me to love like that, or who could ever handle this kind of baggage.
it doesn't matter how, now, i can see exactly how and why things unfolded the way they did and how it could have been prevented.
with some things there are no second chances.
it's gut-wrenching to feel like in so many ways this is exactly what i deserve, and to feel so helpless.
add the pain of failing at work tearing away an already thin layer of skin, plus isolation like sandpaper to that layer, and losing a loved one i was very close with pretty much just flayed me clean.
my life has truly collapsed like a dying star.
i miss who i was before this happened so badly.
i look back at her with envy because she had it all - looks, the husband, the job, friends, and family.
she was truly incredible.
i'm so alone, with a life that has been destroyed, and i see no way out but down.
medication isn't working, therapy isn't working.
my higher self is screaming that this doesn't define you, and that the very long track-record of success that was before you defines you.
you're a fighter, a survivor, a caring and loving friend and family member, a protector of the rights of people who are vulnerable, the best dog mom there ever was, and eclectic.
and yet all i am hearing in my ears is that you're a disaster, unreliable, an emotional shitbag, incompetent-at-work mess that has thrown away her life and the person she loved the most like a moldy fry once abandoned now discovered under the car seat.
i wake up to the nightmare that is actually my life, everyday, and very much alone.
once i get a loaded gun im gone in seconds, everything else is too easy to fail
this is me dumping out thoughts.
they may not make sense.
it started to feel like the only feeling in life that has any meaning is suffering.
pleasure is such a weird thing.
it’s like rainbows.
the promise is so tempting, yet empty.
there is no substance, no tangibility to pleasure.
i chase it nevertheless.
i don’t reach it.
i don’t even know what i am chasing anymore, or whether or not i ever caught it.
even if i caught it, it’s so momentary, so fleeting.
even when i remember the times i had pleasure, the memories only bring a desire for pleasure; they are not pleasing themselves.
i don’t have many of them, even though i’m sure there were plenty of times i’ve had pleasure.
pain and suffering on the other hand, absolutely nothing like pleasure.
you don’t have to try to catch it for example, actually, you have to be very lucky if it doesn’t catch you.
and it’s tangible.
it’s all encompassing.
and it’s not fleeting; i have many memories of pain and suffering, and i’m sure that i will collect many more such memories, and they all bring pain with themselves.
when you put pain on your mental bookshelf, you can always go back to it to feel some more pain.
most of the times i won’t even have to reach for them, they will come and find me.
pain and suffering is the most real, tangible experience i can have.
nothing else can come close to it.
and i’m tired.
my mind is a mud pit.
swimming in it requires so much energy.
when you try to drag yourself in one direction, you have to spend so much energy.
i’m tired.
i can’t keep dragging myself through the mud.
i can’t keep trying, whatever that means.
i’ve never really tried, maybe.
maybe i don’t want to.
maybe i’m just drowning in the mud.
and i’ve seen that people are not helpful.
no amount of talking can alleviate physical pain.
painkillers can.
people are not helpful at reducing mental pain either.
talking has never worked, and will never work.
those who improve, i don’t know how.
i didn’t improve.
i’ve analyzed myself psychologically, to find out what’s wrong with me, and i’ve paid people to analyze me.
it didn’t help.
i’ve used all the medications.
yes.
all of them.
literally.
i’ve used all of the antidepressants.
i hated them.
i hate them.
i have no idea what they do.
if i bought some heroin and overdosed that would have been much more helpful.
the inertia is a killer.
and it’s all encompassing.
i have to drag myself, pull myself.
pain is a great motivator though, that’s not a lie.
it will motivate me.
it will drag me through the mud.
as far as it exists.
i’ve realized that most people can’t change.
they just can’t.
our brains are not plastic.
they are more like hard rocks.
when someone changes, it’s not like reshaping a plastic material with heat.
it’s more like breaking pieces of rock.
the only thing that can push you through it is something tangible, like pain.
and i remember, and i never forget.
when i look back i’m surprised that i actually wanted anything.
i recently bought something that i wanted for years.
it made no difference.
it’s just sitting there collecting dust.
it made no difference.
these words are also bullshit.
they will not make anything better, whatever “better” is.
“better” doesn’t make any sense to me anymore.
it’s like trying to explain how the color “red” looks like to a blind person.
i don’t know what feeling good means, how it makes sense.
and i guess all the advice i was given is also bullshit.
never made a difference, because i never followed them.
i had to drag myself through the mud and i never had the energy to do it.
so i guess the blame is on me for not following advice.
it doesn’t really make any sense, i’ve never been able to make sense, ever.
i can’t really make any decisions.
mud is too thick.
the mud dampens desire.
it does nothing to suffering, but it dampens desire, it dampens drive, motivation.
when i get some drive from somewhere, it lasts a day or two, and then it gets damped.
pain is my only motivator.
i am not a rational, intelligent being.
and i guess most self help is also bullshit.
i don’t believe in the power of people to help themselves.
whatever causes improvement, those who work hard for it are not responsible for it.
more likely a mad deity blesses them.
psychology is also bullshit.
anything that isn’t pain is bullshit and can be ignored.
the only thing that matters is suffering.
the only drive that was lasting was given to me by pain.
no amount of satisfaction can ever give me the drive to achieve it.
it’s never worth it.
99.99 percent of all advice is bullshit, the ones that aren’t bullshit will often miss those who need it.
and i will always be lazy.
at one point i lived in a house with piles of trash bags everywhere.
there is no hope for me.
i just want to die now.
i just want the sweet death.
and i will never be able to think clearly.
i will never be able to make the right decisions.
i just went wherever the wind took me.
and i will always be anxious.
the future always holds more pain.
my brain will work on finding it and dwelling on it.
it will look for it everywhere.
my mind will show me how i can get hurt.
it will never stop searching.
psychology is also bullshit.
i’ve not been helped by it.
i’ve not been helped by meds either but at least meds don’t drain your bank account to zero.
and i will never change.
i just want to die.
there is no hope and there never will be.
i’m tired of hiding these feelings.
i hate most of you, and i won’t even try to hide it this time.
most people are thrash.
i’m even more thrash than most people.
a sincere fuck you to all of you, especially my parents.
don’t give me advice, it’s useless.
let the downvotes commence.
hi guys.
i'm 18f and i'm currently a senior in highschool, with plans to attend university for health sciences and aspirations to become a doctor.
i've always been a straight-a student (and i mean an obsessive 98% average) but with recent depressive episodes over the past year i'm barely passing at this point.
i've yet to be diagnosed by a psychiatrist (with canadian health care.. the wait to see a specialist has been 3 months now) but my family doctor has done his assessments and said that i have extreme bipolar tendencies and prescribed me with latuda 20mg.
this worked at first, very well actually, but the mood swings have returned and i still slip into depressive states often, then bouncing back into a high euphoria later and it's exhausting.
i'm currently in one of my worst depressive episodes ever and i'm having an extremely negative outlook on life right now.
i'm surprised i even have the energy to go to reddit but i can't really talk to anyone in my life about this.
trying to get a good medication cocktail that works for me, getting properly diagnosed (appointment in a few days, thankfully) and dealing with inhabilitating depression is a lot for a teenager.
i swear everytime i open my laptop to do schoolwork it sends me into a spiral.
i'm hoping thay once i get my meds figured out and some therapy that i can return to a somewhat normal state and be passionate again about learning and education.
right now i'm telling myself that i'm going no where in life since i can't even pass grade 12 calculus, but hopefully that isn't true.
my question is, has anyone been medically exempt from school for mental illness related limitations?
i think i already have enough credits to graduate and i've already been accepted to university.
i just don't think that i can mentally handle it right now, as i'm already months behind and barely passing.
not only that, but i've always been a good student/a perfectionist so the stress of not doing well is making my situation 10x worse.
if anyone has any experience please lmk.
tldr; has anyone been able to be exempt from school (at any level) for mental health issues?
so my only irl friend who planned with me to be roomates with me so we could easily get our own apartment is now moving to another city and didnt even tell me and hasn’t talked to me since 3 days before my birthday april 25th i only found it out because i was with my mom and saw him at the storeand now my plans have all fallen apart and honestly the only thing l feel left to do is just shooting myself not like anyone would care anyways
i used to think having kids was the worst thing that could happen because you would basically be obligated to endure limitless suffering in the name of someone else's life.
suicide wouldn't be an option but now i realize even though i don't have kids i still can't kill myself because i have people that care about me and i can't escape from the judgment of the transcendent for the sad path that is the moments before you pull the trigger.
i think i need to talk to someone or rather someone to talk to me.
i'm not having good thoughts
guys i'm fucking dying here i didn't sleep and i have school today... me and my gf broke up and i can't stop remembering our memories... the things she said to me... it's too hard i can't handle this feeling... this is killing me i thought it was her you know... my true love...
i’m honestly fucked, i didn’t think it would go that far then i was on the way to the hospital, i’m so exhausted, i’m feeling everything and more, my boyfriend won’t call me, my mom is disappointed and yelled at me holding my cut so i don’t bleed out as everyone is looking at me fuck my life
how can i stop the random thought, i always have these deep thoughts about like existence and “forever” and it makes me sad sometimes, and i just want to stop thinking about it, i wanna enjoy my life, is it depression or just anxiety?
i’ve had depression basically all my life, everyday just gets harder i’m constantly always sad and crying.
i feel like i can’t talk to anyone about it anymore i’m also hurting my 4 year relationship with my bf, i’m constantly in a spot in my home where anything i say is used against me.
so most days i blame myself and i’m just making everyone around me frustrated i’m tired of always being anxious somethings gonna happen and i just can’t take it anymore.
i’m also dealing with my ibs and anxiety on top of my depression and it’s like i can’t catch a break from anything.
i feel like everything is coming at me all at once.
i just want wanna be okay for once...
the friend in question became distant... stopped answering my messages - and then when i reached out told me things weren’t ok and they wanted space.. but they would be able to talk to me about it in a few months.
months turned into years , and i was told by a mutual friend to not get in touch- that it was a bad idea.
those friends have moved onto to bigger and things and im out of the picture.
it has caused me severe depression and anxiety .. i’m terrified of running into this ex in person and constantly am anxious that ill see them when i’m out in public or public transport.
i dream of them at least every second night , and think about them daily.
i thought it would get better with time , but it honestly just gets worse and worse.
without fail every time i think of them my throat wells up and i bawl my eyes out.
i also often wake up crying having dreamt about them and cry til the sun rises.
i can’t explain the darkness surrounding the situation- i’m totally haunted by it and feel so deeply remorseful about what went wrong .
(i think its because i wasn’t being present and made them feel unappreciated- but it was totally by accident) i miss them so much - the feeling is completely unquantifiable.
knowing i could die without saying goodbye or making amends is something i cant process .
truthfully, the situation makes me want to end my life more than anything else.
it makes the thought of dying feel like a good option.
ive been fantasizing about suicide more than ever.
ive tried therapy and sobriety, but no matter what it just gets worse with time.
this friendship is so deep and means the world to me ... but i guess that feeling isn’t mutual.
i keep catching myself fantasizing about a reunion... or a space where we could cry and hug and talk it out.
but then i realize i may just be in deep denial.
i don’t even know why i’m posting this
 when doing nothing, playing games or just lying in beed i have random thoughs in my head and i'm a little afraid it may be something to worry about.
i wan't to add that this is my voice and i recognize that those are thoughts that just feel out of control.
some examples are just repeating slowly in head what other person said (also when watching youtube) or having random thoughts like "this character is strong" while playing games (it's kinda hard to give examples, but i feel anxious about those random phrases")
i’ve self destructed so much and now there are holes left in my soul.
damage and paranoia that have made a home out of my bones.
i didn’t love myself before, and that’s all i needed.
now i can’t seem to forgive myself for all the people i was before now.
now, i’m not even sure who i am.
they say it gets better, but it’s been a while.
it’s still bad, if anything the darkness has grown with me.
my boyfriend is amazing.
he really is the best.
the only times i have a hard time is when he tries to be my therapist, even though he studied that and knows that doing this is wrong.
“i don’t think you have major depressive disorder, i think you just get sad sometimes.”i have been diagnosed and quit therapy before, went back and newsflash: same thing.
it feels invalidating and upsetting when he says these things.
i tell him but i don’t debate it because i don’t even have the energy anymore.
he’s is a little disapproving of me being on medication because he says i don’t need it but doesn’t push further.
i’m standing my ground on that because i cannot handle the suicidal urges anymore and this has been my lowest point yet.
i just wish it was as easy as saying it’s temporary.
i wish it was temporary.
i don't even know what angle to approach this post from.
i'll just say that for the last several years i have not taken care of myself and it could be lethal.
i eat nothing but junk, literal junk food bag of chips for dinner.
my blood pressure is very high in the 150's last time i checked and has been high for many years probably.
i probably have fatty liver/kidneys.
most days i tell myself i don't care and others i am terrified by what i am doing to myself.
i am afraid of death and think about it every single day.
to the point it consumes me.
but why am i killing myself?
i have thoughts of dying from heart attacks/strokes or aneurisms etc.
other days i think about jumping from my balcony over 20 stories up.
i am afraid to die and yet it feels inevitable.
like there's nothing i can do and i have given up.
i have lived this way for so long i don't even like to think about trying to function normally.
i have no hope for the future.
the world is fucked and gets more fucked everyday.
war is inevitable.
climate crises, water wars, fuel wars, and that's if we make it past a world war due to the situation in taiwan or ukraine, india/pakistan, israel/all the neighbors.
i think about this stuff everyday.
china vs us is inevitable.
this shit will spiral out of control quickly and we will all die.
what is the point of trying?
my family?
they are all going to die as well.
we are all going to die anyways so why does it matter.
everything is fucked.
we are all fucked.
i can barely cum due to meds.
i can only have a mild orgasm with very rough porn and my vibrator on high.
im gay but i cant only really get off to mxf porn thats pretty unequal and sexist tbh i think its a internalised homophobia thing.
i feel gross
day after day, the feeling of loneliness and failure get stronger and stronger.
there's something weighing down on my mind right now about my past that i know i can't change and that i know it would be best if i could just move on, and i want to fucking cry but i'm just too worn down and fucking tired to even do that.
i just wish i could fucking cry.
the abyss which normally houses the calm empty place of my soul has become torrent of emotion.
so i'm gonna chill here for a bit, but who has that sad music playlist i can vibe with?
...seriously someone here has to have it lol
so to start i have been stuck 24 year in a house where everyone except me believe in a religion.
that has given me a lot of difficult times because i'm like the ugly duck of the family.
also, everyday my mom has some order to give me to say something, she does not ask me if i'm ok or why i don't keep doing my paints.
it is just for an order, to say what i did wrong or to tell me what i have not done yet in her perspective.
i feel guilty for doing things i used to love doing because they judge me for it.
my family is big so the influence is huge.
right now i feel like i want to explode.
i have been 3 days free from work and most of the days i have been on bed and with a lot of anxiety.
i don't feel my life is worth anything, like it is painful to go home after work because i already know what i gonna find.
my family does not accept how i am and i have been pretending a lot of things by the years.
but i'm tired of pretending and this is killing me already.
i wish i was never born.
sorry you all if you read this.
i will stop writting now, it has been a lot.
last week, i spent the entire time home – high off painkillers because of complicated wisdom teeth removal.
normally, time alone is spent at the pc, doing things of varied/questionable productivity.
but as meds fluctuated in effect, i felt either too in pain or too numb to do anything.
so i just spent most of the daytime sleeping to deal with either of the extremes.
it felt good.
too good.
'ha ha i am in danger' good.
not being conscious means no pains to deal with, and it's not just the physical teeth pain i am talking about here.
at least with pc, i can justify that i am watching education videos, writing or maybe helping my mental state by watching/playing something (because that 'totally' works, ha).
but sleeping for a couple of hours just delays the problems with an added smidgen of guilt afterwards.
then again, everything i do recently feels exactly like that anyway.
so why did last week scare me so much?
is it because it feels like the next stage of life on this bitch on an earth that i don't want to step into?
just sleeping the time away in chunks of trial runs of oblivion until the real thing arrives?
...even at night, i am now scared to go to sleep – because addiction is a quiet thing.
and that sucks.
i just can't take things anymore.
for about 2 years i've felt this way.
i am mad at myself.
i can't do even one thing right.
i constantly mess up and there is just so much pressure on me.
i wish i could just grab a knife and hurt myself.
nearly no one would care.
i'll be forgotten in maximum 2 weeks.
i am just stupid useless thing.
i never have any form of motivation to do anything.
it's a struggle to get out of bed at this point.
nothing brings me happiness anymore.
even stuff i used to love.
i just stay there and  thing of how much easier it would be if i lay in bed all day.
that's not happening only with work.
it happens to everything.
my energy is very small compared to what it was.
4 mounts ago i used to practice self-harm and last summer i nearly killed myself.
i shouldn't feel this way.
i'm only 13. i often feel like i'm unappreciative.
i've tried talking with my parents, but they don't believe in mental health.
they say ill be fine.
sometimes i'm wondering if i'm not just an idiot faking everything which makes me feel even worse.
i call myself names often.
i don't believe i have any good qualities.
i have no idea what to do anymore and how to get better.
i lost my mother recently 8 months ago.
she was only 38. the pain that i feel is unbearable at times, i have to block out these intrusive thoughts but it’s hard at times.
has anyone loss their parent at a young age ?
i’m 22 &amp; she was 38. i just need someone that understands what i’m going through to hear me out
a little over a week ago i had to leave my entire life behind and move back with my parents in my home town.
i just turned 30 and was happy i mean truly happy.
i was living in philadelphia with my girlfriend  with whom i loved very much and still do in some capacity.
she became abusive gradually as her substance abuse became worse but the final straw came when she attempted to kick me down a flight of stairs tearing my meniscus  the slammed my finger in the front door of our home as i was leaving for the evening.
she double compound fractured my hand.
i am a chef and this has been devastating.
i left everything i had took my dog and my laptop and drove 16 hours home right away.
over the past week is has started to set in that i am starting from nothing.
i don't know if i will ever be able to preform in my career as i once did and i feel hopeless and helpless.
i feel so alone.
i pushed everyone away and they went.
nobody even tried to fight for me.
i have absolutely nobody.
what’s the point:/
my mom has bought 'natural' pills, online, to make me feel better.
i love that she is trying everthing to make me feel better.
but medication isn't going to cure my depression.
i think it's actually sick that there are people getting rich from who are people suffering.
does life and emotion seem vivid?
does sunshine feel good on your face?
does the air taste sweet?
do you feel a pull when you look at someone's eyes?
do you have feeling of solidity and strength at your core?
is this just unreasonable elation?
hi been struggling about my mental health for about six months now  with varies things i was on medications for for it years back and now i feel its time to think about deciding to go back on meds for it but …how do i have that discussion with the doctor over the phone ?
any suggestion of your own experience ?
why does it hurt so much after you’ve waited for something for so long and it doesn’t even happen the way it was planned in your at all it actually turns into you loosing people that you thought were super close to but we’re only nice to you till they got what they wanted why does it always end up being that people only one you to get something they wanted and then throw you away like you meant nothing to them after that.
what happens when you ask help from school, about your mental help or self harm.
i really want to ask someone for help but i'm scared that people will judge or see me as someone who just seeks for attention.
alright i'm not in a very good state , i can't take therapy even if i want to and i need someone to help me with medication, i can't sleep at night even if i do i wake up 20 times in not a very normal way my heart beats so fast i feel it will burst or explode and i'm always feeling uneasy and as if i just can't think and concentrate on anything always absent and i just can't take this , chest always feeling heavy and just always stressed and distressed and all over the place it's all a mess , please help me out with some basic medication or anything you talk to stay calm normal and all of that please help me out i don't wanna be in this state i wanna be fine i wanna be normal i wanna live i just wanna live peacefully normally happy , i need to be fine i've lost 4 years already i can't anymore i can't
so inherently weak and flawed and for what reasontrying too hard, you're trying too hardplease stop, you're exhausting memy hope and motivation to continue are beyond diminished and i forsee little chance of regaining itbut of course that's your faultnothings going right, it's all wrongdead ends, don't know what to do, no one will help they don't know how hard you're trying to keep it together please just do it already, i've been suffering long enough i'm quite hungry, i only wish for 2 slices of lighty buttered toastthank you
sometimes i like to daydream about a place where i can live without anyone around, a place where i can cut off all ties with everyone around me.
that way, i can stop being a burden to everyone around me.
i feel like that is a better alternative to death.
but at other times, i feel like death would be an easier solution, as the fear of dying can be felt only up until i can finally rest.
but then i think about him, who looks at me with only warmth in his eyes.
would he be sad if i left?
i'm tired of people and socializing, but while i'm avoiding everyone, i can only think about how much i miss him.
my friends are constantly trying to make plans.
most of the time, i do not want to hang out with anyone, but sometimes i would force myself, just so i can see him.
i feel like the act of liking someone is so draining, but it's something that can't be controlled.
i want to just stop feeling for once.
maybe then, i can be free from all of this negativity flooding my mind.
if i didn't have feelings for him, would i stop hesitating to drop everything and leave?
it's so frustrating that i have so many questions that i can't seem to find an answer to without exposing my ugliness to others.
my friends do not know how i am feeling on the inside.
they often tell me that i look or sound sad sometimes.
i've been having trouble letting them in, even though they've been so vulnerable with me.
the guy that i like did try to get me to open up.
i almost broke down and told him everything, but i managed to stop myself from showing him how ugly of a person i am.
i feel like a fake.
i feel like i'm always wearing a mask in front of other people.
occasionally, i feel as though this is a bad thing, but i know it's for the best because if i got vulnerable with my friends, i feel as though they would get uncomfortable or would feel pressured whenever they talked to me.
i am obsessing over someone i haven’t even seen in like, a decade.
she was my first real crush and she was into me too back then, but i never took the shot.
but that was a long ass time ago and we’ve both moved on and lived our separate lives.
but she sparked my interest in music so every time i play my drums or sing or play guitar, i picture her in the crowd being impressed.
i can’t get this fucking girl off my mind and it’s killing me.
she’s leagues above me, and i know she doesn’t even think about me anymore, but holy shit she’s on my mind all the damn time.
i’ve unfollowed her, unfriended her, but i still come back and check on her all the time.
it feels so pathetic because i want to move on and i know she has, but i haven’t yet.
it’s fucking bullshit.
i've stayed isolated about how i feel for so fucking long and i recently tried to reach out to my friends about how i am feeling, i have been told by them that they wanted me to leave them alone and how i was feeling was too much for them, i understand that my mental health isn't their responsibility but i just want more than anything to be cared about.
i am more suicidal now than i have felt in years, i tried so hard to reach out and no one wanted to help me.
i am so lonely and i don't know what to do with myself any more
even though i was making a lot of money i started a job today and i feel slightly better like my mind is a little more slowed down and i’m at ease.
but i’m making less money ….
kind of sucks but staying at home everyday started to feel like a simulation like the same exact thing over and over and over sitting in the room playing a game watching youtube i barley would drive anywhere but i felt a little better to actually go out and do something.
it’s not all better but i feel slightly better after today hopefully it continues
i’m graduating and i just landed my dream role.
i’m really proud of myself and i’m grateful i’ll have a job, but i thought i would feel happier.
i honestly felt nothing when i got the job.
i cried from relief for a few minutes and now i just have anxiety again about my first day, what if i get fired, what if i don’t like it, etc.
:( i just feel like i will never be happy.
my whole life is structured around these goals i want to set for myself... and i set them/achieve them, but i feel nothing.
yes, it is true, i was shocked when my psychiatrist told me but honestly it is not that crazy.
the main symptom of depression is the inability to enjoy things and feeling desmotivated, and that is my biggest issue.
i have big symptoms in my body, my skin feels like its burning and my muscles are sore all the time, i can't sleep or concentrate properly and get random chills during the day.
however, i don't want to die or feel like i'm trash (i used to when i was a teenager).
my depression is severe because of the severity of my symptoms, they really shut me down but i don't really manifest anything in appearence.
people look at me and tell me i look fine and 100% not depressed but my body says otherwise.
do you know someone like this?
i feel like i don't fit anywhere and no one gets me, everyone thinks when i tell them i am the stereotype of being depressed (probably you have been stereotyped as well) and honestly it is annoying.
“it gets better”.
maybe.
maybe not.
i’m gonna be bummed either way.
they’re gonna be bummed either way.
in times of isolation i often speculate on why i feel the urge to see her.
when someone causes you so much grief and agony surely you must feel the need to loath and hate their very existence.
however underneath the despair, or rather the emptiness.
the flare of sunlight shoots into my mind, scattered like sold beams moving like waves.
slowly her devine appears looking as angelic as ever before.
her hair casting the beams of light, her lips soft and calm.
eyes like the deepest of water, blue sapphires you can drown in with just the slightest glance.
then once again enveloped in grief and despair like a living gale.
i'm alone in isolation hoping and praying the sun will flare brighter than ever and i can drown in those cold sapphires once more.
i’ve always been depressed.
i’ve never known anything different.
i remember being six and waking up in the middle of the night to sneak downstairs and steal a knife.
i’d spend hours tracing it across my heart imagining how easy it would be to just run into it.
i was six years old the first time i tried to kill myself.
every day since has been constant hell.
people always say (and by this i mean my mom) that the good balances out the bad, but it doesn’t always.
i don’t have moments where the pain stopped.
i don’t have memories that i can hold onto to convince me to live.
the concept of holding onto a perceivable happiness is abstract.
i don’t know what that is.
i’ve never experienced it.
yet i’m supposed to.
the saying “seeing is believing” comes to mind.
if i have never held happiness in my hands.
if i have never seen it or tasted it, how am i supposed to believe in it?
but i’m just supposed to, i guess.
still they say- just have faith.
just have hope.
well hope is a beautiful thing.
it kept me alive for years.
16 years to be exact.
but it died a year ago.
hope is everything.
everything that has ever been accomplished has been by hope.
it’s that little bit of light in an otherwise absolute darkness.
it held me on for years and after numerous failed suicide attempts.
i’d be lying if i didn’t hope that it was the worlds way of saying (god’s way of saying) that i still belonged here.
but my depression killed it.
life continuously beating me down when i already laid a puddle on the floor killed it.
a realization that stuck a nail in this soon to be coffin is that depression can’t be cured but you can learn to cope.
which is like duh everyone knows that and for most people that’s fine.
they can learn to cope because the good balances out the bad.
but then i began to wonder where that leaves me if it doesn’t.
i understand that pain is inevitable.
i know you have to experience bad things to appreciate the good.
i know that.
i’m not afraid of that.
that’s not the problem.
when it comes to facing the world, i can do that.
what i can’t do, is face myself.
there’s this profound sadness in my soul that sweeps me like a current.
it aches in me every day.
i could be laughing and dancing with my best friend in the car and when it whispers, i fall apart.
it lingers inside me and no amount of love and affection makes it go away.
i can physically feel it in my heart tearing me open.
it’s a different kind of pain from physical pain.
i remember when i had a severe gallstone attack and i was shivering, vomiting, sweating, and hunched over on the bed.
i ended up in the hospital getting my gallbladder removed.
i shit you not, i’d rather live my life with my gallbladder attacks then the way i feel now.
it’s like my soul is screaming in pain.
the kind of screaming you’d do if you were being burned alive.
that’s what it feels like anyways.
like my soul is screaming and hyperventilating ugly crying.
while i sit quietly pretending i’m not carrying a combustion within the walls of my skin.
i can cope with a lot, but feeling this forever isn’t something i want.
i’m not sure what my point of all this was.
i guess i just needed to get all my thoughts out even though they’re kinda everywhere.
i ended up writing a bunch about a lot of different things i mention but in more detail.
maybe i’ll post them
life, of course.
i’ve had depression for about half of my life now (i’m in my 30’s) and it’s consumed so much of who i could be.
friendships suffer and i duly suffer in consequence.
it’s hard for me to connect with people; most people in my day-to-day are only there because they have to be (coworkers, mostly).
but every once in awhile i meet someone truly special, and wether intending to be romantic with them or not, i end up screwing up the relationship because as it were, they happen to be the sunshine to my darkness.
i end up asking for more than they can give, and far too soon.
wondering what i’m supposed to do with this knowledge, what i’m supposed to learn from it, where i’m actually supposed to be, because i feel like i’m nowhere at all and i’ll end up being there when i die, too.
sucks.
so long story short i slowly became more depressed and anxious over the course of highschool, which occurred hand in hand with my path away from focusing on school work and moving towards drugs and alcohol.
i was using marijuana everyday, drinking on the weekends, and taking psychedelics every so often.
it wasn't until i graduated and had a major tipping point, where i tripped acid for the second time and then took 90+% thc tabs; resulting in a psychotic break that left me with crippling manic depression, auditory hallucinations of my best friends telling me i didn't deserve to live, everyone hated and judged me and that i should kill myself, and anxiety that didn't allow me to leave the house unless it was a necessary health appointment.
i say all this to pose the question of what do i do now that it has been almost two years since my psychotic episode and stint in a mental hospital that i find myself always tired, still addicted to nicotine &amp; weed(mostly delta-8) and seem to be always looking for an escape ( drugs, video games, porn, netflix, sleeping) when i want to be achieving so much more than i am currently capable of?
i want a job, i want to go back to college, i want to get a girlfriend; but all of these things seem so unachievable for me right now due to my mental health.
i still persevere and try new medications and do what i can to optimize my daily routine in despite of occasional auditory hallucinations, suicidal thoughts and severe social anxiety/ paranoia, i just wish things would get easier and need to vent my frustrations anonymously.
fyi i am on 4 mg rexulti, 0.5 mg clonazapam as needed, and gabapentin 300 mg 2x a day.
all of these drugs add to my fatigue and the only alternatives i can think of are switching anti-psychotics to find one that has less sedating and non-offensive sexual side effects, or continuing down the path of trying to be sober in the hopes of one day getting off this medication and quote on quote returning to my normal self.
i know things will never be the same after what happened to me, but i will never give up as i have always had the feeling deep down that i am destined for success and happiness, it just might take some time.
anyways that's my rant so thanks for reading if you made it to the end and feel free to leave any relatable advice or experiences down below.
:) :(
i want to start this by saying i’m not writing this out of a need for reassurance or sympathy, really i just want to articulate my thoughts and feelings.
i’ve been depressed for as long as i can remember, but that didn’t stop me from making friends and creating a support system.
i love all my friends and i’m very grateful to all of them for helping me when my intrusive thoughts and self destructive tendencies come to light.
they’ve seen the worst of me and still helped me when i was down.
i always felt indebted to them despite their protest against that thought, so i wanted to externalize that good that they help foster within me by getting my life back on track and returning to my health.
and this past year i truly tried, i really did, i worked untiled i cried, i push myself as much as i could take and then some, and i was becoming the person i wanted to be.
it was hard but progress was being made until recently when something happened to me due to my own fault and all my past self destructive nature that caught up to me.
a dear friend of mine, that i considered my best friend for a time, was hurt and couldn’t deal with me anymore so we agreed to stop being friends.
ever since then i haven’t gathered the strength to get up let alone do all the things i did prior.
i relapsed into my worse me and alienated my friends that stuck with me for so long.
i had prior agreements to go on a vacation with some family and figured a change in scenery would do good for me.
after a long day of driving, i got up early yesterday day and went out to the beach and stood there and watched the most beautiful sunrise i’d ever seen with my eyes, but i felt nothing, i didn’t expect it to fix me or anything but i hoped i would allow myself one moment where i could be in the present.
i know thing will get better it usually always does but i’m so tired of this constant struggle, this back and forth, there’s no meaning in it all it leaves are forgotten friends and hollowed memories, i’m tired of struggling, i’m tired of being tired.
time is a monster in a slasher movie.
you can't stop it,  you can only make it play dead.
i'm uglier now than i ever have been.
every day that i'm not successful is just another day that i grow more pathetic.
i'm 28. i live at home with my mom.
i lost so many jobs, i only have the one i have now by dedicating myself to making sure i never lose it.
i lost my last serious relationship over two years ago and never recovered.
she said that i shouldn't date anyone.
she was right.
i'm ugly and i'm tired of my friends and family lying to me about it.
they lie lie lie lie lie lie lie about it.
i'm ugly.
just tell me i'm fucking ugly and insane and undateable.
they know it's true and they lie.
they pretend that suddenly everything is going to make sense and my life will magically work out and i'll be successful and a magical perfect person will appear out of nowhere and love me.
but whenever i have feelings for someone it's suddenly "oh, she would never date someone like you, you should just give up on that one. "
every single fucking time.
and they're right.
i'm no one's type because no one deserves to be with a pathetic,  gross, ugly loser who has no future.
it'd be terrible for them.
my first girlfriend beat me.
she had every right to do so,  i realize now.
we dated for years all of which i robbed from her.
i dated my second girlfriend for twice as long,  over five years and i ruined her life.
she told me as much.
she still has nightmares about me.
i'm a monster.
there is no ethical way for me to continue living.
i deserve to be punished for my crimes.
i'm a monster,  a gross and disgusting monster.
does anyone else feel so much regret for how much depression has dumbed you down?
i've gone from being an intellectual person to barely surviving.
i graduated with first class honours when i was 21 and now at the age of 28 i can honestly say i am dumber than i was back then.
everyday is just mindless and i feel no motivation for anything anymore.
i used to love reading and i can't even do that anymore.
i used to love learning new languages but i've lost the natural flair i had for picking them up and moreover have lost the knowledge i had of ones i had learnt.
i used to be on top of things world news wise until my therapist suggested it is one of my triggers so now i ignore the news but just feel so out of the loop on things.
hate this mental disorder, i hate my brain and i hate myself.
or should i?
they’re very caring and great parents.
but i’m hurting severely.
why would i want to then hurt other people?
sounds selfish.
i'm a loser, i admit that.
i'm 26 still live at my moms.
my iq is 72, and i have noting going for me.
i like to write and box but because where i am and because i'm not a great wiriter i'm still where i am; a no body.
i'm to old to box and to dumb to even join the army i feel like i should end myself.
i feel like i let my family and friends down.
i should be doing better than i am now but i ain't.
sometimes i wish i have gotten my heart broken again, just to feel something.
i know i know very generic title.
every since i got my bachelors degree in 2019 (i went to college late in life it’s a long story, i am 35.)
i have felt so empty and without motivation.
i have a physical disability so finding a job or even a career is let’s just say more difficult that maybe the average.
right after i graduated i was trying so hard going on interviews doing what i thought was the right thing to do.
but then the pandemic hit and i try to tell myself to take the time to calm down and slow down, but i was afraid that if i didn’t find something to do i would be a failure or i would be that societal stereotype that people picture when they see a physically disabled person.
i thought i wanted to go to law school but the thought of getting a graduate degree makes me feel so exhausted and i haven’t even done anything to make that happen.
i have no idea what i want to do in my future careerwise.
i have lost the drive it’s like i really just don’t care anymore if i never work.
but then if i don’t what others think of me?
will they think i’m lazy?
i don’t wanna let people down who believe in me but i’m afraid to tell them the truth that right now i really want to do nothing.
it’s tough when all of my friends or people that i know are succeeding.
i’m very happy for them but i just feel like i keep on losing the race like i’m stuck at the starting line and i can’t even get going.
sorry this is long i’m just venting maybe someone else i can relate.
i’m new to the reddit space.
i’ve been mentally ill my whole life, ever since i was a child.
i suffer from bpd, ocd, depression, anxiety; i’m a drug addict and i have severe trauma.
every day is a struggle.
i’m in so much mental agony that it physically hurts.
i’m on medication and getting therapy, i have loving friends and family, but nothing ever helps.
i feel so alone and i’m tired of people saying it’ll get better.
it never does.
my mother got upset at me for telling my girlfriend and her parents about my new job first.
when i explained everything about my new job to my mother she tried to berate me and call me ungrateful and pretended she didn’t care.
she further debated me on the subject implying my girlfriend and her mother are out to get me.
i am frequently treated like shit because i don’t confide in my mother; or if i do i confide last.
my mother is adamant i confide in her and only her.
all i did was explain how my day went honestly and my mother acted like a child and claimed i only come to her when there are bad things that happen to me.
she frequently downplays my relationship and labels me single, frequently treats me like shit when she isn’t seen as the one and only provider, and often “forgets” any good i’ve ever done in claim of driving home that i am a terrible son.
i have repeatedly spent months away from home at significant others’ places for a few years now and to this day deal with these issues.
she claims bad things are coming of me talking about a new found job position to my significant others’ and says i will run to her crying.
among anxiety felt by this new position i start soon, i am feeling depressed at home.
i quit gambling a few weeks back and have been talking to a therapist but felt it necessary to post this seeking any advice i can.
also as an afterthought, she claims i left her alone on mother’s day despite three to fours years in a row now trying to orchestrate a celebration only to be met with the fact that i actually don’t care and am using the day to get something from her.
there’s no problem with not being able to win.
she’s troubled and i feel like leaving my house permanently is my only course of action and i intend to shortly given some time.
tomorrow morning or the next day she’ll have forgotten all about this and it’ll be reset but she’s easily triggered.
she won’t seek any sort of diagnosis or admit there’s a problem, she has no friends, does not take or heed advice by myself or my brother (who is 17 going on 18).
unfortunately i am coming to the end of my rope with my relationship with her.
i hope you are all staying safe and healthy.
hi, i suffer from major depressive disorder and am tired of letting depression steal joy from my life.
i’m introverted/shy and get lonely and stuck in my head a lot.
i’ve always wanted to travel but thought i needed to have friends to do so.
i’m tired of waiting around for that to happen though and have started looking into solo travel.
has anyone with on here tried solo traveling while suffering with a mental illness?
i’m afraid my depression/anxiety will leave me unable to enjoy the trip but also feel like it could be a positive experience if i’m willing to push myself.
any feedback is appreciated.
i (18m) do not understand my alteration between feeling energetic and determined, and depressed in need of feminine affection.
when i am on my lows, i cuddle my pillow and fantasize about cuddling an attractive young woman.
there is nothing sexual about it.
i don't even want a real relationship, as i am just not ready to commit.
this is something that i have endured since i was around 7-8 years old.
after watching the dying-in-lap scenes, from star wars to pearl harbor, i would fantasize about being one of the characters receiving the affection.
i would write my own stories, but largely obsess over the love and affection that a character receives while dying in the lap of their loved one.
initially, i would want any person to give me love, but then it turned to a feminine obsession.
i would even try to bait my friends, while we were pretending, into giving me affection as i pretended to die.
my parents raised me well, receiving a lot of affection from my mother.
however, i did spend a lot of my early years in a daycare, which i loathed because i was so lonely.
i also struggled to socialize with a lot of kids, and still feel isolated in school, despite the fact that i have a formidable amount of friends.
 when i turned 11, it stopped, but at around 14, i had feelings of platonic love for the first time.
i fantasized about giving her (we'll call her abby) affection, and it was incredible.
before my 15th birthday, abby rejected me under the conditions of being too busy.
i was disappointed, but repressed it until a couple months age 16, in which i did a lot of self reflecting a realized how i still loved her.
i admitted it to abby, and while she was nice about it, i spiraled into a depression.
for four months, on and off, i would feel passionate love for her.
i only spoke to her a couple times in my life, but i never felt so much grief before.
 during those four months, however, i would drift into thinking about other random, attractive girls, with more excitement and passion than the stable love i felt for abby.
i repressed these thoughts until month 5 because i was trying to become more self-aware (hence, recognizing that i still loved abby in the first place).
no longer in love with abby, my chronic fantasies steered towards random, attractive girls.
turning 17, i began texting other girls whom i found to be attractive, even though my conscience opposed it.
i met one girl online who i became absolutely infatuated with and spent all of my time obsessing over her.
i wanted to cuddle, kiss, and everything else.
for two weeks, i neglected all of my schoolwork and almost failed some classes.
during that relationship, there were periods in which she ghosted me, and one case in which she almost got sick and died.
yet again, i felt miserable grief.
she made me so happy.
realizing how toxic my obsession for her was, i left her.
i began obsessing over other girls, and while also trying self improvement techniques.
i only eat healthy food, get good grades, don't masturbate, exercise, have great friends, and yet i behold these feelings of misery.
 i even try to adhere to a schedule, but these frequent waves of misery render hard work to be more difficult.
i also obsess over looking attractive and getting attention, even pretending to be a terrorist or dictator at times.
what is my problem?
 can anybody relate?
what is my issue?
remember, my desire for affection is only for attractive, young females.

i just cant find a reason to continue on besides not wanting to hurt my wife.
nothing i want to do i can do because of money, and i'd honestly probably fuck it up anyway.
im stuck in a shitty retail job that gives me no transferable skills to where i want to be, and every other job ive wanted or tried to get has blown me off.
i've been working and trying sp hard since i became an adult to try and find success and be happy in life.. nothing ive done has worked, and its to the point people i talk to about it just give me a sad look and say "sorry man".
like fuck if the people around me are giving up, i think its time i do too.
i'm tired of hating everything i do and i'm tired of not wanting to fix it.
i wanna go to bed and not wake up.
i've been like this for years and i can't stop it.
i just want to die but i'm too much of a coward to rope myself or buy a gun.
i don't understand why i'm like this and i feel like it's driving me insane the more i think about it
i can’t tell if i feel selfish or useless but i feel like shit.
i don’t know the exact but a few weeks ago i burnt-out and basically couldn’t do anything for 2 weeks.
i’m typically the type of person who does their work immediately and spends free time studying.
i’d feel guilty if i took any time for myself, i guess i still do.
i wasted so much time.
i just feel like an idiot.
i knew i had work to do and i still did nothing.
i really hate myself sometimes.
i feel like i'll never be good at anything, i always thought i was going to love college, that i would thrive in it, but i'm just so stupid, i had to take some classes more than 4 times because i couldn't understand things even when hiring tutors to help me out.
sometimes i feel like quitting, but i think it would make me feel even more like a failure, especially when i have a really smart successful younger sibling.
i don't even feel worthy of existing, i wish i could just disappear.
something i've just wanted to put into words.
lately i've been depressed, and a new way i've been able to cope with it is to do what i can each day at my best, but at the same time looking forward to dying early.
honestly, from the shit i've been going through, i wouldn't mind dying at any time of the day for any reason.
heck, most of the time i just do the stuff that seems productive to pass the time so i can just sleep and look forward to dying in my sleep (even if it sounds like a pipe dream).
that's why most of my first words when i wake up are "damn it.
not dead yet."
i'm very cynical about life right now for personal reasons, and i'm not really hoping for anything.
i just deal with the world as it is while hoping to die soon.
i’m just overwhelmed with life….it’s so hard and trying to get through each day when i can’t get out of the mindset of “i never asked to be alive” 2-3 years ago, i was rlly suicidal and i just really couldn’t see myself passed the age of 17/18now i’m 18 and i feel stuck….idk what to, i already feel like a failure in life it all feels so pointless, and i just want everything to stop.
i cant express how i feel atm.
i just get through a lot of shit and i would like to talk with someone about it.
[captain depressions guide to managing anxiety and depression](thats right you heard me correctly!
i have been driving a boat and fishing for the past 10 years up in se alaska and i also have suffered from anxiety and depression since i was 12 years old.
the off season is the hardest part to be truthful.
with in the past month i was hospitalized for suicide prevention because i gave up and was ready to call it quits.
luckily i have a wonderful support group and the helped me make the decision to go to a behavioral clinic for mental illness.
i had an amazing experience inside and really it helped turn my thinking around.
so i decided to write a blog about my experience with mental illness as well as write about some cooping strategies i have to manage my thoughts and actions.
you can find out more at captaindepression.com and if your interested, you can subscribe and get notified whenever i post new content.
i hope everyon has a great day today and if you have questions, feel free to ask down in the comments.
ill answer them as soon as im done with my work day today.
hold fast everyone
this is going to be a long one so let me just give a quick overviewi have this emotional cycle- really anxious(my anxiety is worse than "normal"/main problem) really depressed(my depression is worse than "normal/my main problem) "normal"(mix of both some days more depressed some more anxious so my baseline) happy (i'm fine like normal normal).
now time to explain in depth.
really anxious- so my anxiety just is really bad like its my main problems/ causing all my problems.
i can't eat (either because i have no appetite, too anxious, or don't want to);or eat too much.
anxiety and panic attacks happen more than "usually".
usually happens after one of the other "stages" not usually out of the bluereally depressed- tw.
during this stage i am at a all time low, i hate myself more than usually.
it takes so much effect to do basic things, i'm don't really care about anything.
i will sh more, and get more suicidal thoughts.
never comes out of the blue.
"normal"- so this is my baseline i'm a mix of anxiety and depression.
so the last 2 "stages" but toned down or more manageable.
some days im more depressed or anxious but it usually is a equal mix.
happy- so this one is weird i feel happy.
like a normal person, sometimes during this "stage" i have days when i'm anxious or depressed but there usually is a cause for me feeling like that.
this comes once in a blue moon, normally last only 2 weeks.
so in conclusion i am a confused mess.
sorry this was so long and didn't make sense.
i’ve been suffering from depression for about 2 years already.
we’ve been seeing a psychiatrist and i am on medication.
my wife has been doing her best really trying to support and care for me mentally and emotionally.
but right now we both realize that she isn’t really the person who can provide the daily support i need — when i break down she also breaks down.
when i am anxious she becomes anxious too and just disconnects and keeps me at distance.
we both know this is not her fault.
its just that emotionally and mentally she can’t handle or care for me.
right now i am just dealing with that thought that your significant other isn’t someone you can depend on when you are in need.
i also don’t know who to ask to help me day to day when i feel depressed and anxious — its really is just the two of us.
while am writing this am depressed i feel sad and emotionally empty i feel anxious while going to work and every time i think of past i just want to cry and the sad thing i can’t tell anyone about it i pretend like nothing is wrong and i’m not going down hill and the reality is i’m not ok so i’m here and everyone can see that but i’m not available because of my depression i hope i can wake up with a smile
just moved back home due to not being able to pay rent... gotta call my insurance tomorrow and tell them i can't pay my payment on time.
i just got a raise which is gonna help alot but it doesn't matter as im not paid for another 10 days and i'm not sure if i can afford gas.
just tired of always being broke but can't learn how to have money.
it makes me feel like a fucking failure.
i'm always falling behind
lately i’ve been thinking a lot about what the point of life is, and why our society is how it is.
i want to just get away from school and expectations and just run away and explore.
i want to just be happy.
it all just seems so unnecessary, going to college, getting a job and working to live.
but why, it just seems so pointless, i want there to be a meaning to my life more than i work to get money which i use to feed myself and pay for my apartment.
i don’t really have a question or anything i’m just venting.
i felt like a man trapped in a bear trap.
i sounded like one, certainly.
i have been working with a therapist since september of 2019, although she's known me off and on since ~march of 2018. so, in other words, we've been dealing with the same shit for three years.
and i do mean "the same shit," because the problems i faced in 2018 are the same problems i'm facing today.
for the past 14 months, due to the covid-19 pandemic, we've been forced to talk over the phone.
i hate talking to her over the phone – not because of anything she did, but because it just doesn't feel right.
i also worry about my neighbors.
i don't have soundproofing in my office like therapists do in theirs.
today, it happened.
i screamed at her.
she keeps saying over and over again that she doesn't want me to die, that i have things to live for, etc., etc.
and i screamed: "then fucking help me!
"i didn't want to scream at her, but i'm so tired all the time.
i told her that nothing made me happy anymore.
everything i do to make myself feel better is just a distraction, something to kill time.
conventional therapy hasn't worked (therapists are trained to treat road rash, not perform open-heart surgery), antidepressants don't work (the doses are never strong enough), and trying to get support through friends and family doesn't work (the main thing driving my mental illness is isolation).
my therapist said she didn't know what to tell me.
i've struggled with suicidal ideation off and on for years.
it's because people have given up on me.
now even the professionals have.
:(
some days i just wish i never wake up
trigger warning!
does anyone ever feel like the reason they don’t fit in, is because they were supposed to have already killed themselves but didn’t....
do you guys have any tips for which hospital has the best care for somebody going through a difficult mental crisis?
i'm scared of quitting my job but i can't fucking do it anymore
i have no real plan to commit, but typically an hour after i take my antidepressant i have bad anxiety and wish to die.
but my natural survivor instinct won’t allow it, and the guilt from leaving my boyfriend behind me would be worse than anything i feel now.
so instead of committing i commit into this fantasy that i am about to commit the act, and i write out a suicide addressed to him and just cry for a while.
why am i doing this?
i don’t want to keep doing this, am i in love with putting myself through pain?
i hate myself more and more each day.
i don’t want to live anymore.
i just want to die.
i am in constant agony and suffering.
i hate waking up.
every second of everyday i can’t stop thinking about how to kill myself.
i don’t want to live anymore.
i just want to run and jump off a bridge.
i feel so hopeless and restless.
i feel like i’m suffocating.
i can’t breathe.
i feel like a fish being taken out of water.
every day is a battle and i’m losing.
i don’t have the strength to keep going.
i seriously wish i had never been born at all.
god please help me.
i'm sad and lonely, i don't have friends that really like me as who i am, i don't have a partner that really loves me as who i am, i see people loving each other every day and always think to myself "am i ever going to meet someone and be in love with him as much as these two?"
i know you're probably thinking of course!
there's someone for everyone, but that's not true, i hate it when people tell me that because it's false hope to a never ending cycle of waiting for that special someone, if someone ever going to love me it's going to be petty love and i wish to god that i never be the subject of that.
but today is a special day because someone offered me coffee, such a simple offer made my year, that just shows how much i ruined my life by hating myself, i don't hate myself for looks or such things, although i'm ugly this is the least of my concerns consedring today's standards, i hate myself because i don't appreciate the amazing life i have, i only think about it when i'm in the shower and say to myself "why can't you be happy?!
you have a home, amazing food, perfect bed, some people would kill for that yet you still aren't happy" and that is mostly the moment i pick up the knife and cut myself till i feel the pain then stop at the last second because i'i'm too much of a coward, so if you read my post till this point i would probably say thank you since such attention to my problems is appreciated, here's another story.
i would consider myself a virgin if i don't count my rapist who took that away from me as well, but i honestly prefer virginity because sex brings problems 90% of the time, either killing, raping, molesting, cheating etc... that's why i really hate sex, but today i heard someone in school telling his friends how he lost his virginity yesterday and it sounded weirdly wholesome how he was so happy about it, that was the only time i actually looked at sex from a positive view.
honestly this feels so good writing what i think, i should do it often, thanks for reading whoever you are, i'm just a kid but i can't stop thinking how crazy technology is, you don't know me you don't know where i am and likwise, i feel like a grandpa who just tried the internet lol
i'm currently on 20 mg of lexapro but i want to stop taking it.
what alternatives are there that i can use?
not sure if it’s cuz monday blues or what, but feeling down all day long.
i noticed i feel this way when i’m at work.
then o read an article on what to do if not happy at your job... the author went on and said maybe it’s not them it’s you.
fawk!
that wasn’t what i was hoping for.
but that got me thinking what if she’s right?
what if i’ve been the weakest link to my own happiness in my career?
i don’t know where to begin or where it will end.
my mind was stuck in a boot loop and wonder why why why.
then i heard a friend post about losing another friend that died suddenly in his sleep.
he was early 50s.
while i was sad to hear that, but at the same time i’m wondering maybe it’s better now he doesn’t have to suffer living anymore.
maybe grass is greener on the other side where the light at the end of the tunnel is waiting.
then i thought about those ppl jumping in front of train in japan or jumping off of a building, i wonder what was going through their mind?
while falling to their death ahead, did they even have a sudden clarity to what eating them inside and have a oh shit moment and regret jumping?
but then i thought of those ppl that got pushed out of the window from burning building in the twin tower during 911 bombing... they didn’t wanna go, but they got pushed out... i can’t imagine what they would be thinking of their loved ones.
then i cried and felt my heart sank and broke into millions of pieces.. why humanity have to be this way?
blm, covid, asian hate crimes, jus to name a few shitty things ppl do to each other not including shit happens in daily work life.
maybe gras is greener on the other side so they don’t ever have to deal with this kinds of shit again... maybe it was a blessing in disguise rather than a oh shit moment or a pause in time.
is what ignorant skinny people say between trying to balance the messages of the 25 people hitting them up.
(i know i'm exaggerating) but i'm not exaggerating when i say big people have it way worse.
i could set my phone down for 3 weeks and as long as i show up to work, i'd come back to no notifications.
why?
because no one wants me.
never have and never will.
so complain about being bullied skinny people... but at least people still give you the time of day..
almost 14 years ago i was originally diagnosed with depression.
6 years ago i was infected with lyme disease.
two "lifestyles" that can't be understood unless experienced.
almost a year and a half ago, just before the pandemic hit, i was forced to stop working due to another lyme episode (\~20% of infected are lucky enough to have a life long friend in lyme).
it's destroyed my body and is chipping away at my mind.
i feel no true worth.
i am in pain from the moment i wake, until i'm exhausted enough to fall asleep.
it all feels like it weighs so much and is crushing me out of existence, and my body is so tired from fighting, and my mind is actively working against me.
i've lost touch with the friends that i considered life long because of the combination of depression and lyme.
i just want peace.
i'm 22 and i've never lived on my own.
i've been living at home while going to college because honestly my family can't support me financially while going to school.
not to mention how hard it is to live on my own living with major depression and going through grueling depression episodes and suicidal episodes.
sometimes when i see those college "glow-ups" of people's before college and after and talking about how much they found themselves in college i feel like i'm missing out.
i can't help but wonder how different i would be if i didn't live at home.
i can't help but wonder how much i would of changed.
sure i've met new people, joined clubs, had an internship this past semester and have decent grades.
but i still can't shake this feeling of i'm not doing enough.
or how i feel sometimes socially stunted because i don't feel comfortable bringing friends or hook-ups home.
i feel so embarassed telling my friends i live at home.
im tired of being tired.
i’m tired of feeling lonely when i’m not.
i’m tired of crying my self to sleep.
i’m tired of the people that love me the most are the ones that hurt me the most.
i’m tired of feeling this way.
i’m tired that one person that can makes my life better just makes it worst.
im tired of all this feelings going through my head.
and i swear to god that i’m so close to just turn that switch off and not feeling anything anymore.
i’m not gonna care.
for some reason a months ago i was severely depressed.
it stayed that way for awhile then i stop feeling depressed when april hits.
i felt happy and i'm confused ?
did my depression go away?
i stop blaming and bullying myself for the mistakes i make (and i stop wanting to die).
so did my depression went away?
did this happened to you guys?
hello so i have a friend of mine who i’ve known since freshman year of high school and recently she’s been doing this  thing where she texts me and talks about how suicidal she’s feeling and whatnot and then disappears on me for a few days, i have extreme anxiety and can’t sleep sometimes due to worrying about it and she knows this and when a few days pass and she replies to me i try to give her words of encouragement and she almost acts annoyed with me?
i also have been dealing with extreme depression lately too and it seems like she never checks up on me yet constantly wants me to check up on her but it almost feels like she’s neglecting my feelings &amp; mental health and to add to the situation she recently moved a state away and i don’t know her house location or her roommates contact info so if she ever did anything to hurt herself i’d be virtually useless and would feel extremely guilty and she doesn’t even take that into account.. just i just wanted to reach out to see if anybody has had any similar things happen to them and what was the resolve.
and i feel guilty that my parents have no idea i’m going to do it soon
i better not fucking wake up tomorrowi can’t handle it anymore
i'm not sure if posting links to such articles is not allowed on this subreddit but i found the interactive guide useful:
i'm 14 and i've depressed since the 5th grade.
i haven't been diagnosed but my family knows about it and there supportive ( my mom doesn't want to me to get diagnosed yet because she doesn't want me to identify with it, get prescriptions, and be dependent on them since i'm still young she want use to try and cure it naturally first).
i can have very bad suicidal thoughts during theses depression "episodes" i know that's not want it calls but it goes and comes i don't believe i have bpd but i have a cycle of 3 moods that i go through all the time.
(1) a spring of optimism and ambition and excitement that that lasts for like 3 days.
(2)i have bad depression that may not even last up to a week than sometimes can probably last a week and a half's at most depending on if someone triggers the first mood early or how much the depression trigger affected me.
(3)but i have this mood that happens in the middle where i feel dull and lost im not excited anymore i'm not badly depressed i think but at the same time i think it can still be a part of my depression my emotions are more sensitive in this mood and i'm not happy i find every excuse to be depressed it's like i looking to feel something.
i'm not sure if it's true but i feel like i want to be depressed because it gives me something to identify with; i think... i'm just trying to make sense of it and btw when i'm in a depressed "episode" i hate it i want the episode to end!!
like it can so bad i get suicidal but i tend to completely forget all of that when i'm in the dull mood craving depression.
i just want to know if anyone else starts to crave the feeling of depression    (i hope this make a seance it was very hard to try and put into words)that's it and please don't say "go talk to you parents about it" because i wanted to see if people who can better relate with me can also understand this feeling or could try and give me an answer to it ( i came to ask you strangers for a reason)
and i dont want to die but i feel so stuck and no one can help me i'm so scared i dont want to go on but too many people want me to live but i would do anything to escape i want to get high again so much but it's been so long since i relapsed i'm just so alone and no one understands and the people that do dont want to listen i'm in so much pain i physically feel like shit.
i want to die i just wish no one ever knew i existed i wish i wasnt so fucking stupid and i wish i was never born, it was fucked up i was ever made, all my life i've suffered over and over and i can't get anything right all i want to do is grab a gun and end it all but i cant because other people love me but i cant talk to them, i'm suffering so fuvking much and i cant reach out i cant breath.
i'm sorry it didnt work out with me and kass.
i wish i wouldve stayed in college.
i love my mom and dad and i wish i was a better son to them, i'm so sorry for my brother, i wish i could always watch over you, i'm sorry to all my friends, and i'm sorry for not reaching out it was hard to do in my family.
i wont do anything stupid, i just want someone to find my account and read this if anything does happen.
i cant go on like this, i want someone to want to be my friend, i want someone i can hold and trust and love, i dont know why but the thlught of being held by someone makes me hurt.
i dont know why i'm telling this here but i just dont know how much more loneliness i can take before i relapse or die, i'm so sorry i'm very sorry but it's all too much.
i'll be ok.
thank you for listening.
u don't have to reply i'll be fine, i'm just deeply hurt by my choices, the people i've lost and the people i love, i'm sorry that kass couldn't help me or christian or morgan or nat or anyone else, but i'm really sad that i cant be free and that i'm gonna be forced to be like my parents bitter and abusive and i dont wan to be a disgusting himan being like them, i'm turning into them and no one loves me anymore and now i'm gonna be like them
no matter what i do i feel like i can’t do anything right and i’m always alone.
i have friends and we go out yet i always feel like the odd man out.
i feel broke.
genuinely don’t no how much more i can go feeling like this.
had a breakdown the other day.
my mum saw that i was visibly upset so came into my room to check.
the more she prodded the closer i came to tears.
i ended up just sobbing on her shoulder, like really really crying in a way i never have.
weight off my shoulders.
did have another cry today but i’m starting to tell people when i’m feeling like shit and it’s really helping.
usually never cry, don’t know what my body is trying to tell me but i feel so sad right now.
anyone want to chat about how they’re doing?
can we talk about the serve memory loss that can come with depression.
the days all melt together.
i don’t remember much at all about my life, it’s like im not living iti forget so much, i forget what i ate today.
i forget things people tell me minutes after, especially in arguments i kinda just shut down and don’t remember the words shared.
i forget to do things minutes after i am told to.
i cant remember shit from my childhood or teenage years really.
when i think back on my experiences, i have to think so hard to even remember.
nothing feels like it actually happened.
i don’t feel like i’m the one living my life.
i have so little memories to show for all the years i’ve spend alive.
nothing feels like me, nothing feel real
for two years i’ve been actively pursuing better employment, namely financially.
i had finally found one, but to continue i had to teach myself vba in a few days.
i wholeheartedly did everything i could in those two days, i learned so much.
then the project came, and i failed.
now, tonight i go back to my dead end job as i have been, with no upside or brighter day to look forward to.
i hate this.
a small part of me just knew nothing good was going to happen.
underemployment is truly my destiny.
so i'm an overweight introverted mess, and honestly my life doesn't mean very much.
i have no work ethic; i'm a lazy pos.
but i can't make myself better because it feels like if i did that, then everyone who tells me "i'll get better, just wait until i'm older" would win, and that i was wrong all along.
i don't know.
my self-worth is so low that i honestly don't feel like putting in the time to improve myself, i just wish i didn't have to deal with it.
but recently, i got a girlfriend for the first time in a few years.
we're currently working on a long distance relationship, and it's hard.
we're trying to find the right balance between paying attention to each other and annoying each other by being too needy.
and thinking back on it; i shouldn't have done it.
these last few days of her and me talking have been the happiest i've been in years, but it's not going to work out.
i know this is wrong, but i keep telling myself that if i just try and live every day the same and not expect anything for myself, then i can't be let down, which i do not have the emotional health for... but now that we're doing this, she's going to find out eventually about how terrible i really am inside, which is inevitable, or i'll do something that exposes myself.
i don't know what to do.
i want to keep dating her; but i don't think i deserve her.
i'm never going to be better, i don't have the energy or hope to make myself better.
i'm just slowly deteriorating until she decides that i'm not worth it anymore, and then it will hurt worse because i got myself attached.
i don't know what to do.
i really want the best for her but i'm selfish and want to keep dating her, i don't understand anything anymoreplease someone give me some advice
yes, i know it will.
but there will be more moments like this again.
when does it stop?
will i just keep feeling like this over and over and over and over again?
and thats life?
thats what i'm supposed to be so jazzed about?
sure, that quote helps me mid-panic.
but damn if every 'afterwards' i dont think about how many more of these i have to go through in order to get into heaven.
its like some sort of sick prerequisite that only a certain number of us have to accomplish to get in.
 yea, not even things i like before or i want to do in \~2-3 years.
think this is it, just eat, sleep (18+ hours) and watch youtube.
meh.
i had a real depressive-anxious mental breakdown today, complete with multiple panic attacks and threats to leave my family because of the overwhelming stress of raising two small children and a man-child all while dealing with mental illness.
i'm resting and trying to get back to some kind of normalcy now, but still struggling (alone.
husband is at work).
i have a therapy appointment tomorrow to sort through things.
i understand i have personal things to work though, but i feel i should have some support and relief given by my husband instead of him adding to my stress.
this morning, i left the house during a bad panic attack.
when i got home, he had eaten the lunch i had saved for myself - brought home for myself, told him i was eating it later - he still ate it.
that small gesture made me feel so disregarded and overlooked, especially in my known fragile mental state.
left again, later, and came home to an empty house, but a lit candle left out.
the irresponsibility and lack of attention are what give me stress to begin with.
that little reminder sent me over the edge again.
i've been crying all day due to the culmination of poor communication, lack of attention and consideration, and feeling like i have to do everything myself or literally beg for things to be done.
i am so broken.
i want to leave.
i have to explain and explain and beg and beg for the things i need.
but i am also terrified of being able to handle adulthood by myself.
how do you know when you're done in a relationship when there's no major stop signs like cheating or abuse?
first of all, how are you doing guys, i hope you doing great.
i just need a little assistance, i have a girlfriend who has severe depression, is there any way it can be cured?
i will try my best to make her happy and give her the things she needed the most right now.
i just wanna see her mentally and physically happy and healthy.
if there is anything that can cure depression, i am willing to do for her, even if it means walking 100 miles barefoot.
she is going through a lot.
i hate tears in her eyes, but it didn't mean i am tired of her crying, no, not at all she can cry her whole life over my shoulder and i will always be there to give her love and support.
it makes me sad seeing the person i really love the most is sad.
so guys, if you have any idea how can i cure her depression please let me know
i’ve been asking myself this question for many years now.
i never succeeded academically, professionally, or in any manner that you could think of.
i’m awful at everything i have ever tried.
everyone always ignores me, even in group texts.
i don’t even have parents who love me.
the man who adopted me did so for monetary reasons.
i grew up wearing the same clothes from 6th to 11th grade.
i have never recovered from that emotionally.
i was predestined to be a talentless, socially awkward, loser.
i wish i didn’t have to participate anymore.
i exist just to fail.
people say keep grinding until you win.
i have grinded to dust.
never achieving anything at all.
hi so i'm very depressed i have been for a very long time my life has not been going good and i don't know what to do with myself i feel like i have no escape and that i have no one to talk to and i feel like i have nothing to live for anymore i wish i had friends, i wish i wasn't so hated i wish that people liked me .
okay so i’m typing this while wasted but i think when i’m sober i refuse to let myself live and enjoy life but as soon as i’m drunk and my mind and body are numb to pain and relentless insanity it’s kind of like i’m  savouring every ounce of enjoyment i reap from life.
i don’t care about anyone or anything except for what i want to do in this moment right now.
i know when i wake up tomorrow i’m going to be hungover as fuck regret this post and go back to being a depressed miserable fuck lowering myself for no fucking reason into the ground while everyone else around me succeeds and that is why i drink.
i mean, i’m not an alcoholic as i’m 22 and drink like 5 beers a year but damn the relief from life i get is pretty fucking amazing.
ik it’s a weird title for this subreddit but i’m tired.
my social anxiety is at an all time high.
my life is in shambles and i’m paranoid 24/7.
idk where else to ask for help but i’m asking one last time for a sign to live.
if not then i don’t see my self putting up with this misery
i wish there was some way i could stop existing but at the same time have somebody completely replace me so my family doesn’t miss me or feel any pain from me not existing anymore.
maybe one day it’ll exist but until then i’m stuck here.
i don’t have anybody i can talk to about this shit so figured i’d share it here.
sorry for the lazy title.
love y’all.
i just landed my dream job.
a remote programming job that allows me to make my own hours for decent pay.
i feel so selfish and ungrateful but i hate it.
i just absolutely hate the idea of working.
i'm miserable the whole time and dread the start of every work day.
i feel like im wasting my time working.
anyone else?
hi guys, i just overcome depression a couple of months ago, than i found this girl on reddit, she had no bad attitude and she was nice to talk to.
but suddenly she started ignoring me, when i asked what's the matter?
she said some mean thing and idk maybe blocked me.
i don't have good experience with girls.
every time someone do these kinds of things, freshens the old memories.
now  it's kind of driving me to depression again.
making me doubt about my personality again.
what should i do to prevent this?
i'm sick and tired of trying to make other people happy, to no avail.
i want to make myself happy for a change, is that too much to ask?
everything i do gets messed up or i fuck it up somehow.
i'm a working loser who has no life experiences and i and other people always suffer because of it.
i'm done trying to make others happy, only to have it backfire and make them disappointed or angry with me.
i dont know how long i can keep this up.
i'm thinking about giving up: just disappearing from society.
i dream about disappearing from society on the daily.
its do-able: just read an article about a woman who was labelled as missing, only to find her living in a tent in the wilderness for 5 months.
that's another thing i want to discuss: when someone wants and does disappear off of the map, everyone points to mental illness.
while that maybe true in some cases, not all cases are like that.
i remember reading the comment section of the post of the missing woman, and a lot of people said things like "why didn't she tell someone?"
well duh, she wanted to escape from society: why would she tell anyone that she was going off the map?
if she did that, certain people would probably put her in a psych ward or worse.
if one were to escape from society, they'd have to take risks: for example, cutting contact with loved ones, finding suitable places to sleep, what setting (town, city, etc) to reside in either temporarily or permanently, and if temporarily, what steps to take next.
they also have to worry about food: either buy cheap food and cook it, or if they have the necessary skills, live off the land (if they chose to reside in a wooded area).
also, they need to think about what supplies they need to carry with them: the essentials: some clothes, a backpack or a duffle bag to carry their stuff in, a water purifier (if needed), and some other things that i cant think of on top of my head.
also, their financial situation: how much money they have, how much money they can save up and how much it will cost for food and the necessities in order to survive.
i should know about getting off the map, i actually had a plan to go off the grid while i was in high school, because i was having that bad of a time with my life in society: still am.
me and a friend were having a really tough time with our lives, and we hatched a plan to go to the city, then take the train or bus to wherever we wanted.
it was all planned out: every last detail was covered.
but, things changed and we never went through with it.
my friend was happy that we didnt go through with it, but now as i look at my life currently, i kind of wished i did go through with it.
maybe we were too scared of the possible outcomes, but at least my friend is doing better.
i'm happy for him.
but again, my life isn't doing so good, and going off the map seems like a possible out.
i'm sure a lot of other people feel this way.
maybe it was because family problems give me a lot of stress and anxiety, and are a large part of why i've been depressed for 10+ years.
until a couple months ago i always felt like this is temporary, that i can improve.
nothing's changed, but now i feel that depressed is just who i am.
that there are some people who will never be happy and i am one of them.
i feel like my parents ingrained in me very strongly that family and taking care of each other is the most important thing, but my family has been completely broken and dysfunctional, with no hope, for more than 5 years ... so to me, it seems like i would have to be crazy to \not\ be depressed.
but i don’t because i’m a loser so fuck me.
i foul up everything.
everything.
don’t tell me things get better.
i’ve heard that for 20 years.
i only know that i’m a joke and a failure and a disappointment, that every time i even bother trying to communicate i only end up embarrassing myself just as i am doing so now.
my therapist just informed me she’s planning to retire in august.
she’s apparently been considering it for the past year and her husband is pretty sick which is extremely sad.
i haven’t made amazing progress with her but it’s at least been one constant in my life for the past 4-5 years.
i know it’s the right decision and don’t blame her as she’s older and wants to be available to her family, but it’s still difficult having to start over with someone new.
it’s easy to forget that the person trying to help you has their own challenges.
i appreciate all the time she’s spent with me and hope i can find someone else but change is always hard especially at a time where isolation is much more amplified.
sometimes i wish my family understood what it feels like to have depression.
for me, it feels like overwhelming self hatred, desperation, and complete and utter sorrow.
but growing up i was always told that i was just a “miserable person”.
that everyone felt the way i did, but i was selfish because i let it affect the way i acted.
in middle school i asked to go to a therapist  because i felt so incredibly sad and angry, not to mention the crippling anxiety.
my dad walked into the therapist’s office and first said “if we didn’t have lots of extra income to spend on a therapist, we wouldn’t even be here.
if we were any other normal family, we wouldn’t let her come.”as if i wasn’t worthy of therapy and i was lucky that he paid because it was so pointless for me.
now i’m home from college and things are the exact same.
only this time i thought i could confide in my boyfriend, but every time i try he says “what do you want me to do?
i can’t do anything.” what do i say to that?
can anyone relate?
i am slow or fail at almost everything and sometimes being envious of more intelligent people is making me crazy though it is always quickly replaced by thoughts about how for each intelligent person with a perfect life there are of course 1000000000 other people whose life is just a chain of misfortune so it is not even legitimate to dream about.
hope i cheered up your day.
i have been depressed for about 10 weeks and am getting help via a gp.
i have been put on zoloft (got off it because it made me feel like a zombie) and lexapro (starting to feel somewhat better).
the reason for all of this is because of my job.
for the past 18 months, i have been at this toxic place trying to make the best of it.
i started getting injured (started with a tennis elbow) and then it became bad when the panic attacks came.
this is a distribution center where you have to learn all departments in case they want to cattle you off to another place where they are busy.
there has been little to no training in these areas, and when you go to a supervisor for help, they treat you like garbage.
my production rate started taking a hit in these areas and i had to deal with being written up.
my immediate supervisors could give a crap about us...all they want is their crap going out the door.
their favorites would cheat on their production and nothing was done about it.
i started seeing more and more things of that nature.
it all came to a head one day when i had to work mandatory ot.
i was sick to my stomach because of nerves and crying so hard, i was shaking.
i hid in a seldom used area and cried my eyes out...i was having a bad panic attack.
i told my manager i was leaving because of stomach issues and went home.
i stayed in my bed for three days, not eating or drinking...but sleeping and crying.
i called to make an appointment with my doctor.
i fell apart in her office.
i had thoughts of dying (not suicide) because i didn't want to deal with my life like this.
i was diagnosed with clinical depression, panic disorder and anxiety.
i was put out of work for 2.5 weeks to get used to my medication.
when i went back to work, my supervisor started off being supportive.
they worked with me and made me feel ok about being back.
i was told they would not put me anywhere that would be difficult for me to perform my job.
as time went on, they started not caring and made me feel as though i was being a whiner, a liar and a crybaby.
last thursday, i was made to go into a part of our area we call "the mod" where we separate goods from picked totes and send them off to stores, via transecures.
it is an area that is really hard on your body to begin with.
it is very fast paced and hard on your back.
i begged to not be put in there because of my medication making me slow, plus i was in severe pain due to my depression.
they told me to "just do the best i can".
i cried my eyes out and pleaded to them, but they would not hear me.
i went in there, slow as crap...hurting...crying and mad.
i was mad because they disregarded me and my condition and treated me like they didn't care...which they don't.
i took that friday off.
i spent the weekend trying to convince myself to go back.
every time i would think about it, i knew it would not get better.
i would still be fighting with my supervisors and it would cause me to go home and do a downward spiral.
so, i quit.
it was not a rash decision.
i have been trying to hang on for as long as i can to this job because i need to work and pay my bills.
i do not have a job lined up, but i do have some money saved up to pay bills for the next few months.
i am still scared about doing this but it beats my mental health taking a whack every day of my life.
i don't know what the future holds...but i hope i find my way.
&amp;#x200b;thanks for reading.
i used to be fucking happy i was a good student i had friends now i feel alone stuck in a dead end job to live in a shitty apartment with no way out i was supposed to go out with friends and all i do is sit down and wish i was a kid again coming home form an easy school day watching sky and other minecraft....now all i do is sit looking at the past and sleep i already have one attempt  to off myself but i didn't want to break my dads heart does this get any better??
in a long enough timeline we all end as all things and all beings do.
in the meantime i have found myself in a cycle where the joy of existence is ending.
i'm not asking for help, pity or support.
this is just a catharsis, a means to get things off my chest.
i'm just curious, are there other people who find themselves with all semblance of joy is running out?
are the things that once made us smile, giggle and express joy not doing it for us?
i feel like a heroin addict but in reverse, good things no longer make me feel good.
sad things are funny and it's getting harder to smile, laugh or feel any positive emotions.
maybe i'm just rambling just waiting for the nyquil to kick in but i am curious to see what will happen when the joy and happiness is sucked out of me.
(does anyone else find it darkly funny that when you write a post in this reddit the header reads "submit to depression"?)
i’ve dealt with some form of depression since my early 20s.
i’m now heading towards my mid 30s.
it’s always manifested itself in different ways.
in my early 20s it was addiction and withdrawal, in my late 20s severe anxiety, and now it seems to be immense fatigue and lack of any motivation.
i started taking medication several years ago when i was so socially anxious i couldn’t do anything - not even eat - and would sometimes tear up if anyone talked to me at work.
it certainly helped me get out of that spot.
but it’s come back at me again in this new form and i’m just so very disappointed..it didn’t come out of nowhere unfortunately an has been building for some time.
about four years ago i was feeling as if i was back on track, i had left my dead-end job, i was fit enough that i ran an ultramarathon, i was socially engaged.
then my parents separated.
this is traumatic at any age; you’d think it’d be easier at 30 but i’d argue it’s much much worse.
the roles change.
there’s very little consideration for what you’re going through as there is for when a child or teenager is involved.
your parents become like children.
you are relied on for things you never thought you’d have to do.
i had recently become employed at a new job.
it wasn’t a great job and i didn’t particularly like it but it was a job that challenged me in ways i needed to be challenged and i was having a lot of success at it largely due to having significantly overcome my depression and anxiety.
as mentioned i was asocially engaged, both with my colleagues and friends outside work.
i had joined a running club and i was the fittest i've ever been in my life.
due to the nature of the separation my mother had a complete psychological breakdown and was institutionalised more than once.
i became familiar with the local police and ambulance officers due to contacting them so much, had to physically restrain her a few times, was attacked physically and verbally, spent many an evening in hospital waiting rooms.
it took over my life.
i had to quit my job.
my role became psychologist and carer for my mother while i took on all the roles of disassembling my parents’ life; finishing the home renovations they had in progress, selling the family home, packing up their things, finding a border to help with bills and duties, finding my mother a temporary place to live etc.
while i have a sister she lives overseas, my mother is estranged from her two siblings, my father cut off all support from his side of the family, i ate through all my savings and went into debt maintaining my own mortgage and other bills.
i was fortunate that during this time i took on some freelance writing and design work as well as some house painting and received an unexpectedly generous insurance payout related to earthquake damage to my apartment.
i used some of this to buy a cheap car so i could live between my own place and the various places my mother was staying including, at times, the hospital psyche ward.
anyway this went on for about a year before the family home was sold, i had got myself another job, and helped my mother find both a job and a new house.
things were still fragile and settlement negotiations had not quite been finalised due to some idiocy and stubbornness from both sides - my mother made a number of suicide attempts and revisited the psyche ward more than once – but all in all i was able to have something of a life for myself.
as time has gone on things have been very gradually getting better.
which brings me to my current source of disappointment.
at the end of last year i decided the time was right to challenge myself in a positive way.
i was enjoying my job but wanting to develop and i figured it would be a good idea to seek a postgraduate qualification to further my career.
i signed up to study part time for a postgraduate certificate.
essentially nothing has really gone all that well with it.
the day before it began i got severely ill so much so that i could only zoom in to the two day-long lectures as i lay in bed feeling like i was dying.
i recovered to a certain extent but haven’t really felt like i have recovered until just a couple of weeks ago.
it left me with incredible fatigue.
while i was reading and studying and trying to engage with the courses my time and energy was being taken up by work and my mother who has decided that despite owning two mortgage-free properties she is so concerned about money she needed to vacate her home, rent it out, and live in a caravan she inexplicably bought about a year ago during a manic episode.
when i was fortunate enough to get some time for assignments i found i had zero motivation.
i couldn’t make anything mean anything.
i have struggled on with the naïve belief that i could pull a rabbit; just sit down and focus and somehow get through it.
the last two weeks have unfortunately been my downfall.
just yesterday i had to admit to myself that i made a mistake signing up for this course; that i’m not ready for it after the drama of the last few years, that my depression, while pushed to the background somewhat by medication and business, was still preventing me from accomplishing what i felt i could.
while i haven’t yet i intend to contact the course coordinators to apologise and bow out.
i realised quickly how much depression had been impacting my life over the last six months.
how much energy i had been drained of by just… existing.
i realised the limit of my current state; that i was fortunate enough to be functional enough to perform at work and survive at home but that was about the extent of my ability.
like my place is a mess and my health at the moment is terrible and i’m not socialising at all.
the medication and a few tricks i have been using keeps the black dog from attacking but it’s been there and it’s been making itself known.
it's fucking disappointing though.
and i guess i’m writing this all down because i’m just really upset with myself and i’m trying to make sense of it.
i don’t know whether to be angry or embarrassed or… i’m just exhausted.
i want to just go to sleep, cut all contact with everyone, be left alone.
no amount of medicine i’ve ever been on, no amount of therapy, and no amount of classes has ever once been able to change me.
i just for the first time go out on meds for my depression/anxiety/ocd and despite taking well within the range of the medicine for my ocd symptoms i still have them.
i’ve taken many meds over the years some work.
it only fir a limited time.
how am i supposed to be optimistic about being normal when treatment just brings failure every time.
certainly there has to be a better way because i’m tired of being defeated
i work 25 hours per week.
my parents graciously continue to support me while i work on finishing an associate's degree in health information management.
the combination of taking classes and working the 25 hours last semester definitely put me at my limit - if i had been working full-time i don't think i would have done as well in my classes.
but now, i'm trying to move.
and the sad reality is, the cost of housing in my city has skyrocketed in the past year, and i can't ask my parents to support me forever and eventually i'm going to have to start paying for everything myself, which means i'm gonna have to go full-time.
i dread it.
so much.
it's partly the job - i work in a scheduling call center.
most of my days consist of being grouched at about things that are out of my control, and aside from that it's just mind-numbing, tedious work.
my managers are actually really great, the pay and benefits are pretty good.
it's perfect in every way except that it's mentally and emotionally exhausting.
the idea of trying to do this for 40 hours a week makes me want to cry.
sure, maybe i could look for another job - and i plan to, once i have my degree/certification - but even then, it's going to be a lot more of the same thing every day with just a couple days off in between and a few rare vacations and then i get old and die.
what's the point?
i miss having the time and energy to do things i enjoy.
i'm already so tired.
if this is what adult life is supposed to be then i don't understand how everyone doesn't just end it eventually.
i hate myself, so many opportunities wasted.
0 talent, why do i even try on the things i like when i have no aptitude for anything.
i swear lately things have been fucking passing me off i hate myself so fucking much.
i am so mad at so many things that i cant even let outa cry of anger anymore because i am so tired of being angry and unhappy.
i swear why can't i just be normal and be fucking sane.
i wish somebody else had my life because they would use it better and i wish i was a fucking homeless insane person because that is where i fucking belong.
i wish god would just take me in my sleep so i can go and rest i really feel empty and so fucking angry i just don't know what to do or feel anymore i am so tired and honestly ranting here wont make me feel better i think but i just wanted to say it somewhere.
stay strong brother/sisters i hope we all get to be happy and content with what we are and we have.
i feel so unfulfilled i’ve flunked high school got a job thinking it was going to help me meet people and open up but no.
it’s just work…….
i guess i feel sorry for myself that’s why i’m on here, every day passes i try to do my best with my family and give good memories i’m afraid of death and yet all i think about is death, my death our days are so short everything i do that i look forward of thinking that it will fill the void doesn’t.
hey so i'm suicidal and the only person i have in my life is my mom and she's been trying to help but i told her about my thoughts of suicide and first she was just afraid of me but now she just tells me not to feel that way and then gets upset and cries and screams bc she doesn't know what to say to me.
i get that she didn't want a child with mental health struggle but i'm trying to help her understand how to help me (even though i don't even know how to help me) but she just is not listening and i don't know what to do.
she's the only person i have in my life that i have to talk to but at this point she's just making me want to hurt myself even more.
what do i do?
i really don't know what to do.
i've also been trying to get a psychiatric prescriber for over a year now and no one will take me, and i'm kind of just losing all hope that anything is going to get better.
to preface this, i can confidently say im feeling much better, i’ve honed in on what makes me feel depressed and i’m working day and night to make it better.
i guess i was born with a healthy amount of self awareness, it makes things a bit easier for me in that sense, not to say everything is peachy 24/7, shit, i still have my days, but i’m getting better at controlling them.
but for me, when things were at their worst, i felt like i was born in a hole, a deep hole, while everyone else started at level ground.
i’d decide to start climbing and something would happen to put me deeper in the hole, so eventually, i just decided not to try climbing, but instead dig deeper.
so now, here i am, climbing from this pit.
from the outside, it doesn’t look like much is happening, but on the inside, slowly but surely, day by day, im digging up, getting closer to level ground, as i get closer to the top of the hole, things get easier, eventually, i’ll be on level ground and i can start building up from there.
that’s always been how depression has kind of felt for me, it’s different for everyone and everyone comes out of their hole in their own way.
hopefully everyone can make it out sooner rather than later.
i’m just.
so.
tired.
i don’t want to work anymore, study anymore, grow anymore.
i’m tired.
there’s no reward.
i didn’t choose to exist and i can’t handle the burden anymore.
i don’t have motivation to do anything.
i just want to lay down and stare at the tv for a year.
i’m tired of drinking, smoking, sex— even my distractions feel dull.
but none of it ever stops.
i have a lease, i have student loans.
i can’t stop but i don’t know how to make my mind keep going like this.
i've been struggling with depression as long as i can remember, through every year of my life i've struggled.
i've never truly known happiness and even when i would think i've found it, either i find a way to chase it away or i find something wrong with the situation and just let it eat at me.
i stay silent because i've been pretty much conditioned to feel my thoughts and feelings aren't important or are wrong.
recently got married and honestly don't know if it was a mistake or just me being optimistic for a brief moment thinking i had found someone or something that understood me.
recently (within the last 3 months) my partner has seemed to grow cold and extremely distant, i've tried to make things better but when i speak i usually end up making everything so much worse.
i kept myself closed off for my entire life and its so difficult to open up after never sharing with anyone.
my family knows nothing (minus the very little i have shared) my friends have become strangers and my spouse is beginning to go the same way.
after a few months of arguing constantly we had a really good night or at least i thought we did.
then today got home to an argument that i had no idea was happening.
of course my 1 night of not worrying or my single moment of relief was just a figment of my imagination and back to the normalcy of what i've know to be my entire life.
i really don't know why i'm posting because its not a question but honestly feels good to write something down.
i've contemplated suicide quite a bit but to be honest i really don't want to end my life.
i have a kid and he saved life long ago and couldn't possibly put him through that.
i just want this feeling of absolute worthlessness to go away and it never seems to let up.
i just turned 18.
(whoo hoo...) and i've been looking for a job since i dropped out of high school my sophomore year, so for a few years now.
but the thought of having to work with others and communicate with people is very overwhelming.
i know a large majority of jobs have you do exactly that but i really want to start working.
to help support my family through these times but i just can't.
i’m not sure what to do.
i feel my role in life is to play victim.
my life is nice &amp; comfortable.
i don’t have a lot of emotional support but i could also get a therapist.
i don’t have it bad.
yet my mental health is slipping away.
i know &amp; understand what tools will help, yet i can’t find the motivation to use them.
i don’t have the drive to help myself.
i only want to wallow &amp; hold myself.
i don’t wish to hurt myself, permanently.
but the thought of a freak accident, one that can take it all away, comforts me.
maybe a piece of space trash taking me out.
or possibly a car that lost control &amp; i didn’t have time to move.
in the rare times when i find the energy to help myself, all i can think of is how it’s not enough.
it’ll never be enough.
will i have to try this hard for the rest of my life?
have a great week &amp; then a horrible one for no reason?
will i forever experience this pain as i live longer than i deserve?
do i really have to stay medicated for the rest of my life in hopes it might get better?
i’m sorry for the rant &amp; of course no one has to respond.
i just figured i try &amp; figure out if others feel this exact way.
i also apologize for all the complaining.
i know it’s disgusting.
since april 7th  i had my father in law pass away, i had 2 mris, nerve block test done my back, seen numerous doctors and a psychiatrist.
the nerve block didn't work now i have to see a spine surgeon about my back after i already had 2 spine surgeries one was a fusion in 2018. the psychiatrist said there wasn't anything he could do.
i just had a video appointment with my hip surgeon today and my hip is messed up after i already had 2 hip surgeries and he doesn't think there is much he can do either.
the psychiatrist are unwilling or too ignorant to help.
the refusal to address problems and try different combinations of medications has only made thing harder.
sleeping problems along with pain and headaches don't help my mental health.
not getting help with those only worsens symptoms.
i have so many emotions, ruminations, anxiety, anger, and frustration right now.
it is so depressing to keep hearing there is nothing can be done or hearing how bad it is and you might just have learn to live with the pain.
the feeling of being helpless or the ability not to do something about it yourself will send your anxiety through the roof.
it seems like everyday i get more depressed and i feel the hope fleeting away.
growing up, i always have had this "deep thinker" and introverted personality even when i was a little kid, which was a telltale of my struggles in this world.
however, i lived an alright life up until i was in my mid-twenties, where i was in college, had close friends in the dorm whom i hung out with regularly, often multiple times a day (we studied together, went for coffee, went to the gym, etc together).
we hung out in the dorm hall each evening for quick chats as well in the evenings.
i also had my family nearby and visited them every other week.
i chated with my mom and dad, had tea afternoons together where we talked about everything and anything.
it all went downhill when i immigrated to a new country for my grad school and i knew absolutely no one here.
now 3 years in, i still have no friends here and it goes weeks and months when i don't talk with anyone excluding the service workers.
i also haven't visited my parents in 2 years because of covid.
i used to be a very hardworking person and had super big goals in life but i have no reason for doing anything anymore.
i push myself nonetheless but i have no reason for doing so and i am not productive at all.
i am also sad all the time no hobbles would replace the pain of loneliness.
i go to the gym regularly and also for walks at times which makes me feel better but solitary hobbies rarely make me feel better besides those.
i like to have friends to talk with, laugh with, and feel like a part of a group that cares about me.
that is what i want...
everyday is a struggle for me.
i have neglected my appearance.
i don’t have the strength in me to do even the basics of everyday hygiene.
i hate my life and i wish to no longer be alive.
everyday is filled with agony and remorse.
i hate myself and i hate the person i am.
i just want to die and for this terrible fever dream to end.
i don’t want to be alive anymore.
please god take me and end my suffering.
i can’t keep going on like this.
i almost snapped at work today.
some customer kept trying to talk over me trying to explain the situation.
and even when i was finally able to explain, she just repeated herself like she never even listened.
i almost shouted "shut the fuck up and listen to me!!!"
i didn't.
but i was very short with her anyways.
it doesn't help that my job is killing any emotional or mental health that i had built up prior to the pandemic.
i'm an empty shell of a person.
i don't fucking care what happens anymore.
i want to just quit.
or get fired.
or just yell at my supervisors.
i want to yell fuck you!
it might be bearable if i had anything else positive going for me in my life.
but i don't.
i have no friends because i'm a loser or i pushed them all away with my unbearable depression.
i have no life except my shitty job.
and even then, i don't actually see anybody.
i'm locked in my room because i'm a remote call center representative working from home... so my only human interaction is getting yelled at by customers or supervisors.
and since i can't keep friends.
i will never have an so.
mind you, i'm obese so no gay guy is going to want me anyways.
it's hard enough trying to figure out who's gay and who's not without also being looked at with disgust because of how fat you are.
you want body shaming?
go look into the gay community.
i would say it's worse there than anywhere else.
i have tried to change all these things.
i've applied to new jobs.
i've even gotten interviews.
but i'm always passed over for someone else.
i've tried to lose weight.
i have been trying since middle school.
exercising.
diets.
fasting.
pills.
personal trainers.
nothing works.
i'm still over 250lbs of fat.
i've tried dating.
but i've never had a second date.
apparently no one has liked me enough to warrant a second date.
i've tried social groups.
but i can't seem to make any friends in those either.
even when i'm feeling myself and being social.
i always end up excluded from conversations.
so, if you've read this far you know how much of a loser i really am.
sorry to have wasted your time.
i'm a waste of space and a waste of a soul.
fuck you life.
i hate you.
this is the third time i post that and i know that i will be probably getting ignored again but it's ok i'm so desperate i don't care how pathetic i look like.
i was always suffering from my mental health and i was always very harsh and neglectful with myself but the last six months i tortured and punished myself on a whole new level.
in november my country entered in strict lockdown again and since then i stopped exist as a person.
i don't know if this was a manic episode or something else i know that nobody could possibly suffers more than me.
i wouldn't wish even to my worst enemy to go through such a thing.
the last six months there is not a day i stay home eventhough i wanted so much.
everyday i walk for miles, i sit alone on dirty benches with only company stray dogs, i drink the same coffee which i hate it and then i stay every night until very late in my mom's car.
i have forgotten to eat like a normal person in my house because i eat the same crap food in the car everyday.
i barely bathe myself and i used to wear the same 4 5 clothes everyday.
my glasses have problem and i can't see well, my shoes are scratched, i have multiple problems with my back, sometimes i was sure i would fade out but i don't care.
every night is a living nightmare, i sweat constantly and go to the bathroom at least 30 times because i have irritable bowel and i keep neglect medical help.
i also suspect that i have a rare syndrome due to my extensive use of cortisol but again i don't do anything about it.
i don't know really why i treat myself this way.
i used to think that my ocd is responsible for all of these rituals because everytime i'm afraid that something bad is gonna happen if i don't do certain things but recently as lockdown stopped i was able to stop many of my rituals.
my family was always kind of dysfunctional but through  r/raisedbynarcissists and some articles i realized how much damaged they did to me and i truly believe that my cruel self punishment comes from here.
i can't believe how many months have passed and i'm still like that.
i didn't understand that  christmas or easter or my birthday have passed because everyday is the same.
i look my  books, my drawings and cry because i want so much to start over again.
i want to clean my room, my clothes, to spent a quiet evening with reading and music.
i want to write something, to sleep and take care of myself.
i want to be healthy again, stop eating crap food and not be obese anymore.
i have lost so many opportunities, some classes i wanted to attend, movies i wanted to watch, things i wanted to buy.
my life never was good but this sick situation is a whole new level.
i feel so tired.
my body hurts but my soul is totally damaged.
every night i spend 2 3 hours in balcony thinking to jumb.
i waste my time scrolling here reading other people's stories who feel proud of themselves over the tiniest achievements and i can't understand why i punish myself when i have prove in the past that i'm capable to handle very difficult situations.
why i have the need from others to tell me how strong i am?
i'm sorry for my rambling i know that nobody is gonna answer me either way, i just want to share my suffering because i don't have anyone to support me.
i can't find a way to start again my life i don't have energy anymore to try and i know that sooner or later i will end up worst.
i don't want to die but i can't find other solution.
i can't stand anymore the pain i feel when i know that my own mother who i used to believe that she loves me and cares about me she still judges me, neglect me and every moment she don't forget to remind me what a burden i'm and how much i tired her.
of course this is not excuse to become violent towards her but i still do it out of anger and i hit myself also many times.
it's such a shame because i really had dreams and ambitions but i'm tired being too nice with people and all i got all these years from everyone is rejection.
how to love yourself when literally everybody whole my life classmates, teachers, therapists, friends, parents, strangers treated me like a garbage and invalidated me?
the only good thing i can do for myself is to get rid of me as soon as possible.
ps.
the last two weeks things changed a lot and i had to adjust my toxic routine because lockdown was over.
i managed to stop some of my compulsions but i still can't find a way to help myself.
i go out with my mom for shopping, to a café etc.
and she pretents like nothing happened all these months.
i walked on the crowed streets and i feel lost, my social anxiety is getting out of control again and i feel suffocated.
i really wonder where this situation will lead me, i was sure that until now i would be dead or would stop this situation.
like all of the other “young widows” on the online group i belong to that wanted to remarry have found someone.
it’s been nearly three years and some of these women find someone months afterward.
and i am nowhere near to even having someone interested in me.
then my female non-widow friends will be like “it’s cause you have kids” but like so do most of the other widows in their 30s.
i keep telling my best friend how it’s so depressing that i’m like apparently unmatchable and she’s like just incapable of understanding.
i’m always the black sheep.
this place is pretty depressing
i feel so stupid.
i've been feeling extremely lonely and depressed as of late and was feeling desperate for a solution.
i live on my own in a tiny student flat.
i thought that getting a pet would solve my feelings of loneliness, but as my house is so small (it's a one room apartment) the only viable option seemed getting a hamster.
i was so excited.
for the first time in a long time i had something i was genuinely looking forward to.
i looked up everything one could know about hamsters.
the best cages, food, wheels, toys, bedding, etc.
how to care for them.
how to know if they're feeling happy.
of course i read that they're nocturnal creatures, but i imagined that the running in the hamster wheel at night would be soothing.
i'm a deep sleeper after all.
i was wrong.
i've had my hamster for three days now.
she's a month old and the cutest ball of floof i have ever seen.
i called her daisy.
she's a curious and energetic little thing and i love her very much.
but i just can't sleep anymore.
and i'm so stressed.
i thought getting a hamster would solve all my problems.
it's a ridiculous thought in hindsight, and i didn't realize i felt this way until now.
the truth is sadly that, as adorable as she is, daisy actually adds to it.
being unable to sleep severely impacts my already less than desired functioning.
i am so disappointed in myself.
i will have to give her away again after only having had her for such a short while.
i feel such guilt towards daisy.
she's such a sweet hamster and deserves a loving caring home, and i really thought i could give that to her.
i honestly thought i thought this through very well.
daisy doesn't deserve any of this.
what if i can't find her a home?
i have decided i will be moving in with my parents again for a while starting tomorrow.
i have been doing very badly lately and i feel like this is the straw that broke the camel's back.
i hope daisy will forgive me.
i really hate myself right now.
i'm feel so stupid for thinking this would be a good idea.
i work from home and am all happy and engaged when i'm talking to people.
the minute i close down and sit, everything feels empty and has no reason.
used to kill sometime with some tv shows and films earlier and all of those make no sense anymore.
is this how everyone else feels?
ok so just to clarify, i don't have like severe depression but like mines is like emotional numbness and anxiety and that forced stuff.
so back to the story, this friend was a funny bright person, he is a little racist but it wouldn't hurt anybody.
after i told my friends i was emotionally numb and was mildly depressed, he started telling everybody he was depressed.
when the teacher talks about something sad, he goes and compares it to depression straight away.
i don't want to confront him because he might be a depressed person who wasn't scared of showing his mental illnesses but i feel like he hurt a lot of depressed people by saying his "issues" were worse than everyones.
i feel like he craves attention and that stuff but i'm not sure.
it's really annoying when we're learning and he just changes the subject to talk to his depression.
it's really irritating how he acts like this.
oy peopletheres a thing about my mental health thats been bothering me: i get to what really seems like depression in a cycle than snap out of it and i'm neutral minded for a bit (which is a part of the cycle)this cycle thing started a long while ago (end of 2018).
what happens is i get into a really bad mood and snap out of it .
now the getting bad phase can be a while and sometimes it's bad but not crazy bad and i just feel like apathetic/tired/demotivated/nothing matters much anymore/stuff makes me less happy, and it gets progressively worse.
then at some point i reflect about life and my situation and get really hopeless/done/despaired/distressed and this possibly evolves into a mental breakdown.
then at some point i have a sudden perspective change about it being useless to wallow in sadness concerning my situation and that i should just keep moving forward and get better.
now when i say i snap out of it it's literally in an instant that i go from mental breakdown to calm/collected/objective/stoic/third person view.
at first it only happened on breakdowns but now it's been happening earlier, but most of all, much more often and much less effectively.
once i was with my gf and feeling real bad and i tried to volontarily do it and it freaked her out bc i went from really bad to absolutely neutral in a few seconds (was longer than usual).
it's really a neutral, not happy, not sad state afterwards just like, objective.
but the bad mood always ends up coming backi was wondering if this could be linked to my adhd, possible depression/dysthimia (which runs in my family), possible bipolar disorder, or if it's just a normal thing
i have spent the last 2 years or so in a bad mental state.
i never thought about telling anyone until i had a panic attack and could confirm that it was really, really bad.
it took me a lot of courage to finally try and reach out for help.
just some background info, my parents are kind of traditional and don't really believe in things like depression/anxiety.
i thought it would be different when i told them, because i was their daughter.
i was wrong.
they basically told me that i was lazy and was using depression as an excuse.
now my depression is even worse, and it sucks to know that nobody can help me.
since i'm a minor, it would be super difficult to do anything without parental permission.
can someone please try to help me out?
what should i do?
hi everyone, been struggling with depression for a few months now and only recently got help a month ago when things really went south.
i started meds (scary asfff) and therapy.
while i feel proud of myself for getting help/understanding i shouldn't have to suffer, i still feel awful after over a month of treatment (like haven't noticed many improvements).
despite seeing my friends more, eating healthy, journaling, exercising more, im not responding to any treatment.
i'm starting to feel like it's my fault i'm suffering, especially because there wasn't a major life event that sent me into this episode.
it's like everyday i'm in this hole and nothing i'm doing is helping me pull myself out :( at this point i'm praying that the antidepressants will give me a little tiny boost and if i'm lucky maybe some relief -- but im keeping expectations low (anyone have them help you?)
to make things worse, i never sleep anymore which i know is critical to recovery (if you have tips to battle ur depression insomnia pls send them my way -- even if it's a medication idea to bring up to my doctor).
i guess i'm just looking for hope at this point, i feel lazy and worthless and awful all the time and just need to hear some success stories!
i feel like i should be doing more to combat my depression but even existing feels so tiring, i know it's an illness but i just feel like i'm the one to blame for feeling so bad!
&amp;#x200b;i hope this post can get enough karma so it can go on r/teenagers and i hope everyone here can find something useful.
lots of love and take care &lt;3 let's talk about mental health:(1) first off, it's a bit concerning that we may be more comfortable expressing our deepest parts of ourselves with the internet, our digital world, over the reality we often think is boring unless we end up worrying ourselves too soon into adults for our long-term futures.
in fact, we don't really understand why mental health is important when being 'successful' seems to be emphasized, for everyone's living.
(2) what exactly does success mean or 'finding your purpose?'
you may think of your success to be family-oriented as the heir to your family or caretaker.
you may also feel voiceless as a family member or someone who has to please your parents and seek the career they wish for you to have.
or you simply might be scared to let your parents down and want approval from others which makes sense, who wouldn't want that?
life rules you should live by:\-success is finding your passions and ensuring your happiness with your loving devotion to said burning passions.
 stop looking to what you should be because you're only going to be filling stereotypical roles which are all deceptions in our ill-perception of what is perfection in our world.
\-just because an opinion won't be accepted by others doesn't mean you can't nurture it and adopt it as your own.
you should never feel insecure for wanting acceptance because you are deserving of it.
share your opinions so that others who when encouraged by you can stand alongside you and voice their own opinions too.
\-anxiety is a self defense mechanism.
it exists to tell you "something is wrong, i'm scared."
this doesn't mean you are healthy.
self defense mechanisms take control over you for a reason and that reason happens to be: you haven't found a way to manage your emotions or to find possible solutions to lift up your self-esteem.
\-depression means something is hurting you.
as obvious this may sound, you probably misinterpret this as: "something is wrong with me."
nothing is wrong with you but if you keep blaming yourself, you're only going to continue the hurting.
\-this leads into: accepting yourself and your mistakes.
we continously dream dangerously about a perfect world and how we must be our perfect selves.
if we don't make mistakes, how are we human?
and if we don't learn from our mistakes and accept ourselves, how do we expect the world to be merciful and human nature to be compassionate?
we have to be our own role models first before we can deem this world messed up or too rotten by us.
\-every story matters.
and everyone deserves to be treated like a human.
don't go for revenge.
it's not natural for us to consider this but we will support our own subjective ideas first before we will support anyone else.
that means the person feels like they're doing something just as important as you feel like your opinion is.
you may clash with them and think they're against you; they're not.
they're simply fighting for their opinion to matter and be valid.
\-don't compare your story to others.
our experiences will all differ in some way or another because of our perception stemming from our philosophy but that doesn't mean your feelings don't matter because someone has had it worse or vice versa.
\-find yourself to be open-minded by making acceptance one of your top values.
this will make you more compassionate towards others, fulfilling more of your happiness.
\-you have to know when to let go.
don't hold onto past happy memories thinking you'll never create new ones.
let go of exes and think to yourself: "if you feel like nothing without them, you weren't meant to be with them."
if you can't let go of them because you don't have anything else to let go of, please, just let go and realize you can hold onto yourself.
\-iq is just a measurement test.
don't let anything define you unless it is a part of what makes you biologically human.
for instance, your sexual orientation or whether you have a developmental disorder or disorder of any sorts matters.
so does your ethnicity, it matters.
but don't let things such as 'iq' and 'school' and 'sexy/beautiful' get to you.
it will hurt and consume you, like it has to me with my ocd.
\-work towards your life goals with the intent to develop yourself more maturely.
this should be how you measure your progression.
how you are becoming better as a person with a better understanding.
if you are becoming obsessive or unhealthy in your beliefs, it's not a progression, trust me.
\-you don't need to fit in to be loved.
you should be yourself and you shouldn't hide yourself because you can only then find people who will love you for you.
otherwise, you'll be hurt knowing that people love you for your fake personality.
\-stand up for others when they're falling down.
look towards understanding their situation rationally\-if you confront any problem with the intent of solving it merely objectively, you won't consider the problem realistically and your anxiety to make progress might prevent you from getting anything done.
\-suicide takes away the choice for a future.
you may feel suicidal because you are confused about your identity or feel the need to conform to our want for perfection, which is unrealistic.
\-don't tell people who have disorders or are venting to you that they are simply looking for attention.
this fuels the cycle that we will always be judged and no one will listen to or accept us.
make open-mindedness a priority.
\-be compassionate to yourself.
you are always doing your best even if you may be experiencing your worst right now.
love yourself and see yourself through the dark so you can enjoy the warmth of the day.
\-engage in reality!
whether it be art other hobbies or being outside.
spend time with yourself and others while appreciating reality ♡\-if you are stressed, rethink about the problem while applying the skill of self-compassion.
reach out to others if you feel the need to.
you are valid.
i had a corneal abrasion 2 weeks ago, and i got another today at school.
while i was waiting for my dad to come get me, the guidance counselor chatted me up.
she and the nurse kind of fixed my bad mood that i was in.
i find it really hard to see any good in the human race, so seeing just a bit of common decency really made me feel better.
i hope there are more people out there like that, people who will talk your ear off because they know it distracts from pain.
this is just a little rant to try to make me feel betterim 19 and graduated high school a year ago, and worked for a tiny bit but quit due to covid.
i was too late to register for classes last semester so i’ve done nothing with my life for the past year.
yea i have a few online friends i talk to, but nothing really makes me feel too much better.
when i was in school i had a couple friends who are cool, but all of our interactions aren’t really meaningful.
we never talked about how we were doing, or anything really personal.
we pretty much only talked about videogames and sports, which was cool, but i just want to be good friends with someone.
someone i can talk to about anything and trust.
i tried a few times to make our friendships more personal, but they always seemed to brush it off, and talk about more general stuff.
i’m super shy, so even if i were to get out i probably wouldn’t meet anyone.
i think it’s mainly because my family holds me to higher standards than my siblings which sucks, i feel like i can never express anything i’m feeling without being judged.
i know they care for me and love me, but it’s still super tough to deal with.
i still live at home, and i never really cared to get my license up until the start of this year.
i scheduled my test twice and both times they were canceled to random events which have mentally put me in a hole, as i was super excited to achieve something.i did just schedule another appointment so hopefully that goes well.
i’m not really scared/nervous for my future as surprisingly i think i’m decent looking, and generally pretty smart.
i know in like 5years or so my life will be good, as i have grown as a person pretty significantly, but for the time being life kinda sucks :(
i can’t even be nice to my siblings, the simplest of tasks is being nice to them but i can’t even do that.
my brother stopppef talking to me earlier today cuz i was being a bitch and now everyone’s saying i deserve it cuz he’s twisting my words, tone and overall what happened and now he’s acting like nothing happened all happy meanwhile i’m here depressed doing this shit on reddit i just come here for help and advice and i really need it right now so please do so
the news is really bad.
look up israel taking houses.
5 minutes ago i tried it for the first time.
i didnt think it would work, just dragging the tip of my facial razor across my skin.
i thought it took more force to draw blood.
but it worked.
i was shocked to see the beads of blood come out just like the old tumblr photos.
now i understand why people do it.
i like it.
i’m scared this will become another habit like my alcohol or binging.
my vain will to keep my body blemish-free will probably overpower it though lol.
tonight was the last straw for me.
ive had awful experiences with sexual assault and sexual harassment since elementary school, i don’t have a relationship with either of my parents, and i hate what i’m studying/my career choice.
i had an awful tinder date tonight, i let him come over thinking we could just casually hang out but he looked nothing like his pics and i still let him make out with me because im so lonely....he left and i blocked him, so he came back to my apartment and forced himself into my house to yell at me, got my roommate involved and all.
it’s just one thing after the other and my meds aren’t helping bc they can’t stop all this awful shit in my life from happening.
i hate to sound like im just pitying myself but i literally work so hard to live “right” and to be stable and it’s like it doesnt wven matter.
i just want to drop out of college, cancel my fellowship and move away.
i dont want any of this.
im sick of being alive
this is literally what a family member told me.
and they had a few people agree.
i didn’t even know what to say.
like instead of them asking me what’s bothering me or how they can help or support me, they come to the most ignorant conclusions, gossip about me to each other, and then pretend to care.
don’t worry.
when i die, i’ll make sure i leave a lovely note for all of them detailing all of the hell and abuse they put me through, the fact that they knew other people abused me and did nothing about it, refused to believe me or get me help after i told them, etc.
i’ll be gone soon.
maybe it's the fact that i turned 19 on thursday and i know that i'm an adult now but i feel so so shitty.
even the day of i just couldn't manage to do anything productive.
like yeah it's supposed to be a happy day, but i just couldn't.
i stayed in bed most of my day and when i did get out to do something with my parents i just felt so un productive.
and now a few days later it's even worse.
just tired and sleeping all day every day.
0 motivation.
all these negative thoughts.
it's honestly eating me up inside and i envy those who have a while birthday week where they're happy non stop.
it just sucks.
been extremely depressed for a few weeks.
just don't feel talented at all.
i just watch youtube, play videogames, and eat.
i do horrible in school, am far from athletic, and have horrible social anxiety disorder.
going out will give me anxiety attacks.
i just don't know what to do.
as an atheist i believe when you die you just instantly are born another human.
i've considered suicide so i can be born better, but the only thought that has stopped me is how far i've made it already.
any advice and can anyone relate?
sometimes is hurts a little, other times it hurts a lot.
always looking for the magic words to write to make it all go away.
unfortunately, i couldn’t find them today
i’m scared of what i might do to people, i keep having these thoughts to to terrible things, to do terrible things.
i’m afraid i might do them
# be the change you want to see in the world.
📷[rx/meds](tl;dr: the us healthcare system is broken and i want to try to change it, but i need your help.
tw: suicidehello all.
i am new to this sub, but not to chronic pain.
this past friday i learned that i lost a dear friend to trigeminal neuralgia and cluster headaches.
he held on for as long as he could, but with no sign of relief on the horizon he couldn’t hold on any longer.
i recently learned about ketamine infusions and how life changing they can be, i also learned how they are not an option to so many due to costs.
while processing my grief on friday i decided to try to change the world.
which is funny coming from the girl who is terrified of walking into a room of strangers and being the center of attention, now suddenly i have decided i want the whole world to look at me and know mine and other chronic pain patients struggles.
i am working on creating a social media campaign to fight back against big pharma and the pain clinics that rake in money hands over fist for a drug that is basically pennies compared to the fees they charge.
on the day these pages go live i will need all of the help i can get to share the post to get it trending so it is not just scrolled past.
i know like many others i have contemplated suicide to make the pain end and i want to end that.
no one should feel that is their only option left.
right now my main goal is to get ketamine infusions indicated as a treatment for chronic pain, ptsd and depression to make it more affordable-but if these takes off other things like diabetes can be added.
hi everyone!
just joined and looking for some advice.
i haven’t tried any medication whatsoever before, but i went to go get my prescription for wellbutrin 150mg today!
i’ll start taking it tomorrow morning!
i’m hoping somebody who has been on this medication can share with me their experiences?
i’m a 25 year old lady, i smoke, binge eat and have anxiety &amp; depression (amongst other things).
i’m a little scared to start taking any medication - i’m sure plenty of you understand.
i do have a concern regarding libido, and maybe it’s silly, but i’ve heard it increases significantly on this medication.
i consider mine to already be high, so i guess i’m concerned it’ll be too high if i start taking this medication?
has anybody heard of that or experienced this?
i’m not even sure if it’s a thing that can happen but just to ease my anxiety about starting a med i’d appreciate any sort of feedback from those willing to share :) thanks!
i'm tired.
it's late for me to sleep.
thoughts of abandonment and neglect are just swimming in my head.
goodnight i guess.
i might be saying it to nobody, but that's okay.
none of my friends ever reach out to talk to me, so, i guess now i'm used to talking to nobody.
my eyes are sore....i'm going to close them now...and try to relax....
i was thinking today i’ve got a little bit of money saved.
i’m not saying i’m going to do it by any means but i could end the pain today with just spending a couple 100 bucks.
life it’s truly insanely depressing sometimes i keep telling myself to push forward for my daughter but other times i think she would be better off without her daddy.
idk how to feel anymore
i've been depressed for a while but i don't think it's really came in to full effect until a couple years ago, i know some of the primary causes and went to therapy but it didn't do a thing.
i have ptsd because i was molested as a very young child and it leaves me feeling like a husk of a full person, kinda like a living shell, but then there's days i'm euphoric and feel like some living legend, it's fucked me up pretty bad.
during my childhood my father used to be physically and verbally and emotionally abusive, and my mother was very manipulative during my childhood.
somtimes i manipulate people and dont even realize it till later on and it makes me feel like human shit.
one of my recent major relationships ended because i couldn't take it anymore because the person was just using me as a glorified human dildo, and it hurt to give it up, but i knew it was for the best.
but time to get to the meat of this, daily i feel useless and unloved, like i deserved everything that happened to me as a kid, i feel like i can't be loved and that nobody wants me for anything but to use me.
somtimes it all comes crashing in at once and i just can't handle it all.
i feel like i'm at the breaking point.
i either want to start a new life or not live at all.
can i get a yee-haw?
that's a quote from a song i really like, and the sad thing is that it describes my life perfectly.
around three weeks ago my friends left me, and i feel so lonely.
we've been together for almost 3 years, and it just took them 3 weeks to forget about me.
they seem to be having the time of their lives and enjoying their youth while i am completely alone and depressed.
one of them got a girlfriend and it makes me so jealous, bc it reminds me that i'll never expect love and also i think i was in love with him, and the other one says that being with me hurts him, and wants me to change.
i want to fix things, i want to change, but i can't, i don't have the will.
those guys helped me with my depression for a lot of time, and now that they're gone it has gotten worse and worse.
i just don't know what to do, i want to kill myself but i don't have the guts, and i don't have the will to fix my life, i feel so helpless.
thank you if you read this all, i really appreciate it.
also sorry for my english
i was so proud that last week - i did three loads of laundry, folded them, and put them away.
that was the last thing i actually did.
still haven’t put away the air-dry laundry from those loads.
i’m a mess at work, i’m paralyzed by an inability to self-motivate and general self-loathing, and i basically have to be drunk to relate to people.
i know it will end soon, i’ve been dealing with this for 15 years and i know how long my « depression cycles » last, but i just feel like a lazy useless failure.
dogs and cats help.
i have one son who is 26. my battle with depression affected my parenting.
i hate, absolutely hate, that i allowed it to affect my parenting.
he and i actually discussed this today.
he is a good young man that also battles depression.
i hate that he is going through this.
i've been suffering from bad depression for the past ten years.
there have been ups and downs,  but for the most part i'm just a giant shell of who i was before things went south for me.
i've tried working to get out of this, but every time i put in effort i inevitably get worn out and end up in an even worse spot than where i was before.
that's depression though.
you think you hit rock bottom and then the ground opens beneath you.
that much i'm used to.
what i'm not used to is this phase i've been in the past couple weeks where i'll be in bed until 8-10pm before i finally feel like i need to get something to eat.
until then i'll be just laying down the entire day.
i don't even do anything.
i just lay there, unable to find the willpower to get up and deal with the world outside my bedroom.
it's horrible and until now i haven't dealt with anything like this.
just feels like the walls are closing in on me at this point.
so here i am.
it's my birthday, i'm alone in my mid-30s, no one has reached out to me to say happy birthday, it's 8pm, and i just don't want to leave my bed.
i don't now what to do, or why i'm even posting this.
just looking for anything at this point.
so, my long time friend of nearly 15 years has struggled with depression on and off for a very long time.
fucked up childhood, fucked up relationship she cant escape from (he would fight her for their daughter) etc.
i'm fairly certain she has some deep set mental issues.
manic, maybe, idk im not a professional.
but she told me today she 'probably wont be around for much longer'.
um.
fuck no, i'm not going to let her go without a fight first.
i told her therapy would be really helpful, and that it would be amazing for her.
she didn't disagree.
but she told me she essentially needs to be forced to do it.
problem is, i dont know how to fuckin do it.
i know her insurance company.
i dont know what plan shes on yet.
i think it'll cover counseling.
theres a number on the insurances website to call for the first appt.
i'm going to her house tomorrow to make her call, or possibly call for her if needed.
what else should i do, or shouldnt i do?
can i make an appt for her if i have her info in front of me?
i've never dealt with insurance or therapists before.
so many people always say "talk to someone" or "take the steps to get help" ect ect.
but i have no idea what that actually means, or entails.
i've spent almost half my life (and im only 24) feeling depressed, shit, for a few years i didn't even know what it was, i just stopped everything, stopped going to school, started locking my door and spending days at a time without seeing anyone, despite living at home with my family, i always brushed it off as "eh, im just lazy and like playing wow loads" because it was easier to say, especially when i didn't even have a clue about what was going on mentally.
i've spent years of my life trying to figure out what the reason for actually being alive is, and i've not got any closer to figuring it out.
every day i wake up, i feel a bitter disappointment, and i spend all day wishing i really had it in me to quit life, followed immediately by images of my family in my mind being told im gone which brings me out of the normal depressed mood and into the extremely sad mood.
over half my life, my entire teenage years, and my whole adult life so far, has been marred by this depression.
not to mention the anxiety stuff, i've lived alone in a tiny studio flat for 3+ years barely leaving my front door more than once every few weeks, the idea of being outside, in public view fills me with such nervousness and anxiety, coupled with excessive sweating, which i get anxious about, which makes me sweat more, so on, so forth until i finally get home, close to door and have a wave of all the heavy breathing and tiredness iv managed to keep hidden and under control while outside and almost pass out, every time.
even just popping to the shop 10 minutes up the road, i've never been further than that in the last 3 years.
and that's not even the worst, or atleast to me isn't.
the worst is that almost everything i've said to friends (if i have any left after not talking to them for over a year) and family are total lies, i always figured "i'd rather be sad, than make someone else sad" so when i became more and more depressed, outwardly i kept up this "im cool, no worries man, everythings fine, nothing ever bothers me" persona, which feels fucking awful to keep up, but feels so natural.
i lost my job in january, but outwardly "jobs going well, all good!".
luckily over the last few months i've managed to make a little money on some stocks, and showed some of my closer family, as a way of projecting this "im doing fine" vibe to them, but without mentioning that, that money is all that's keeping me alive, as opposed to "savings for a rainy day" that they think it is.
and it seems like once every few years when i build up the courage to tell a family member about it all, something comes up and i feel like i have to put it on hold and deal with that first, but i'm not sure if im just subconsciously using it as an excuse to not have to talk about it.
lately its been really bad, its easily been months between actually seeing or talking to anyone at all, i spend all my time alone constantly over thinking and worrying and trying to figure out what the fuck i even want to do while worrying if i'm going to be able to get a job and actually hold it down, or if i'm going to be able to pay my rent, do i need a bag ready to just leave one day?
do i even want to stay?
is it worth it?
every single time i've tried to do something good for myself i always end up posponing it and thinking "whats to point, its not going to work out, and even if it does ill just fuck it all up".
and now on top of that i was told about some health scares with close family and then worries about other family members going very deep down rabbit holes r.e vaccines.
and then after all that i can't help but think "how dare i ask for help" i have a roof over my head, food in the cupboard more times that not, clothes on my back and a family still here, why should i take help that someone else could use?
i can't hold down a job, i can't contribute to society, or towards anything.
im taking up a cheap flat, taking up tax payer money to pay my rent, how dare i put any more strain on anyone.
i don't know, maybe i just needed to vent.
it's the first time in 12 years that i'v ever actually tried to vocalise what's going on, even if it is just a throwaway account on reddit, it feels like a big step for me, maybe im just moaning about nothing?
i don't know.
i really wish i did, but i don't.
sorry about this being so long, i just got carried away a bit, it was a lot longer the first time until i finished it and backspaced the whole thing.
it's taken me 5 minutes to actually click post and not just delete it again.
so i was in an intense bit of depression early in the pandemic.
the world absolutely sucks and i was so caught up in the tragedy that plagues the planet that i was drowning in sorrow over things i literally had no control over.
i got out of that place and am now struggling with feelings that i am a shitty person - i’ve chosen to not dwell on all of the sucky things in life.
that isn’t to say i’m not sympathetic to the struggles of others and of the world, i just am too afraid to even let a bit of that sadness approach my soul because what if it tears down a year of progress?
am i selfish for this?
am i a bad person?
am i just delaying an inevitable relapse (an intense relapse) where every global struggle grabs hold of me?
because, hell, i’m not sure i’d make it through that.
i truly don’t know and yeah, to keep on trend, i’m not going to think too hard on it.
i’ve written this for perspective and to see if anyone else has experienced something similar.
am i depressed?
or is it just a teenage crisis?
i really don't know.
i need help to understand.
we can't afford shit.
life sucks.
i want to kill myself but who would take care of my mother?
today i had a doctors appointment then came home and showered, then went onto zoom for therapy.
i’m absolutely exhausted.
i’m stuck in my bed right now and i just have no motivation to do anything.
i hate how much energy absolutely everything takes out of me.
i just get so tired and need to isolate and lay in bed and do nothing.
anyone else feel that way?
it got bad again.
it usually does, but it hasn't been this bad in a while.
so, about a month ago i gathered up the guts and, since my college offers free and full healthcare (the perks of studying in the university with the highest exhaustion rate amongst students in the country), i set up an appointment with the psychiatrist and started taking my meds again.
three days later i'm having a huge panic attack, so i do my breathing exercises, get to the backyard and start drawing the chickens to try to ground myself, focus on something.
when eventually i start to calm down, my thoughts start to slowly shift from "i'm gonna die" to "i think it would actually be better if i died".
now i'm thinking i don't want to deal with this.
not again.
because i've seen this before and it all just keeps going up and down and up and down and when does it stop?
and i'm sitting on the floor, crying and looking all stupid, staring at chickens, and it might be different the next time.
maybe i won't be staring at chickens.
or maybe i won't be crying.
but it will happen.
and i'm tired.
that's when my cat, who has apparently been sitting at the window looking at this mess of a mommy of his starts meowing at me.
so i grab my sketchbook and come inside.
fast forward to today.
it happened again.
in a different way.
i (23f) haven't self harmed in 11 years.
today i felt an urge to hurt myself in some way, cut myself again or just bang my head against a wall so aggressive and so hard to overcome i actually had to lay down on the bathroom floor for what felt like 3 hours but honestly i have no idea how long it was.
anyway, if you read this, thanks.
i really just needed to vent.
there's too many people around me and i don't feel like i can trust any of them.
so thank you, kind stranger, for reading this.
wounds on the outside may heal or appear to heal but the psychological effect stays
gonna punch the guy that set mine on an endless loop.
how did you get through your old trauma and become a self-actualized, healthy adult?
are you in a relationship?
do you have a family?
a great career that you love?
anything that makes your life worth living?
yesterday, i celebrated my birthday a little early (i'm in my late 20s now).
my mother held the celebration at her house - it was just the two of us.
she seemed so warm and happy about celebrating it and had a cake and other treats plus a really lovely card that kind of melted my heart.
we didn't hug or show any physical affection like that the whole day - in fact, i could almost count the number of times we've ever hugged my whole life (probably something like fewer than a dozen), and i remember she was very mean when i was a child.
she would call me a "stupid piece of shit" constantly and chastise me for every little mistake i made.
nowadays at work, i can't make mistakes - because i chastise myself for them quite harshly and feel like i'm not good enough.
i push myself to be perfect and never do a thing wrong at my job, and i think that puts a lot of pressure on me from my bosses to continually perform at that capacity, so i'm stressed out to the point where i'll likely develop physical health problems soon (i already have plenty of behavioral ones).
i was spanked (sometimes with wooden and wire hangers), slapped, kicked.
i had to watch her destroy herself with alcohol as i grew up and even nurse her back to health just so that she could function (thank god she's been sober for over a decade now).
i couldn't ever neglect chores for even a single fucking moment because she would flip her shit if i did (so chore perfectionism became a thing, to the point where i was emotionally/verbally abusive to a roommate of mine recently when he would neglect chores).
i've been in one relationship from which something could have been made (a family, for instance) and two "relationships" that were sad, sorry attempts at repairing myself after the first one broke up with me.
i've tried killing myself at least twice with prescription drug overdoses, and i've had to deal with alcoholism and sex addiction.
the worst part is, the sex addiction is pathetic - i don't even have sex regularly!
i just sit and masturbate to porn or whatever i can and fantasize - i've never had a one-night stand or slept with a prostitute.
the worst that has happened to me was that i became vulnerable to a woman online and masturbated with her via skype.
she recorded it and tried to extort a lot of money out of me, threatening to post the video on my facebook wall (somehow she hacked it).
i almost attempted suicide that day, but my mom did save my life and reel me back into a safe mental space.
she was pissed at first though - damn near broke down the door to my apartment trying to get in after i texted her!
i didn't grow up with any siblings (my half-brother grew up with his mom), and i had a bunch of fur-siblings, most of which are dead now.
their deaths have been the most painful experiences in my life (my great-grandpa died a few years back, and although i wasn't as close with him as, say, my dad, we were still pretty close - and that wasn't even as bad).
as soon as my dad was diagnosed with cancer a couple of years ago, i broke down immediately.
it was as if he were already dead, that's how much i was grieving.
thankfully, he's still around and doing well, but it shocked me to the core when he broke the news to me.
this next part is going to be really hard to type out, so bear with me.
when i was 17, we got a dog who was born physically disabled - we called him "gimpy."
his hind legs were deformed and he was almost euthanized right away, but my mom rehabilitated his legs and got him to walk and even run.
he had a compulsive licking problem (still does to this day), and it was so annoying to me, a pissed off and bitter late-teenager, that at one point i put him in his kennel and rolled him around a few times as punishment for annoying me.
i can still hear his whimpers to this day.
😢 i don't think i'll ever forgive myself for doing that, because it reminded me of how my mom treated me.
i've seen him through his whole life into advanced age, with a cancer diagnosis himself, and he has been fiercely loyal and affectionate to me but continues to lick, and he's not as smart or socially developed as he should be, and he winces anytime my mom or i get on to him - all of which reminds me of myself.
he's also extremely passive and submissive, like me.
anybody  can fucking walk all over me - doesn't fucking matter who.
it could be a fucking child and they can convince me to do something, i'm that much of a pathetic, piece of shit pussy!
i turned to christianity for an answer in recent months - perhaps if my mom couldn't love me, god could?
would i discover absolute truth in his word?
i feel i am gravely mistaken, and that i'm just another sucker who's falling into the hands of the great evangelism machine, with an agenda to push like anyone else.
i'm just being used and abused like everyone else has ever done to me in my life...
make no mistake.
this isn’t a cry for help or a suicide note.
i just can’t do this anymore.
i’m taking a break from social media and finding some time for myself.
i’m lonely and depressed, and i need to take a step back and try to fix things.
i’m going to delete my account.
maybe one day i’ll come back.
does anyone feel like this as well?
lately ive been thinking more and more about how much i don't want to exist anymore.
i don't want to die, but i don't want to continue living as myself.
and its not because "i hate my life".
i lead a pretty good life; i have good friends, a good family, and a good job.
i just hate myself.
and the thought of living with myself for the rest of my life is what really brings me down.
im 24 and have felt like this more or less for the past 10 years.
im in therapy, on anti-depressants, and have tried everything from meditation to journalling.
sometimes i go through moments where i feel like im getting out of it, only to be knocked right back down into the same place.
im starting to feel really hopeless in ever living a life without depression.
what is also frustrating is that because i do have moments where i can laugh and have fun with my friends, i feel like i can never actually explain what im going through because "i don't look depressed" and they won't fully understand me and think i am being overdramatic.
i feel really alone and i am wondering if anyone else feels like this too?
i dunno i just feel like if i didn't think anyone would miss me i would probably end it.
i don't have any motivation i don't find enjoyment in anything that i used to enjoy.
i'm just so fucking tired all the god damn time.
i just want it to end so bad but i feel like there's a handful of people that would miss me if i did and i don't want to hurt them
i just want to feel safe again.
i just want to go home and lay in my bed and watch the sun rise and paint and sing.
but thats all beem taken away from me.
the one thing.
the one fucking thing that made me happy in life was taken away from me.
i have nothing left.
i have nothing left to live for.
i just want to go home.
how can i find it if i don't even know what it is?
i’m 30 and decided two years ago to take a masters in europe (originally from north america).
i thought it would be the answer to my dreams, it was in my industry in countries i loved.
now i’m in my last semester which should be an internship and i never received one.
it’s been a struggle for months, finally got a company to sign and then they ghosted.
my confidence is shattered and the depression i worked hard to over come is back tenfold.
i’m in one of the most beautiful cities i’ve ever been and spend most of my days crying.
this program has financially ruined me and i have no hope finding a job in the industry after graduation.
i have lost my passion and i don’t even know what to dream about anymore.
many in my program have struggled but none like me and it’s tough to be the « worst case scenario » i’m so embarrassed and just want things to stop hurting so much.
to go back home with no money and no dreams is hard.
i feel like a shell of a person.
i’m sorry for the rant i just needed to let it out.
i don’t know how this can get better.
i feel like i took a chance on my dreams and fucked up royally.
i’m not 18 anymore, i’m running out of time to try new things.
i hate who i am.
my friend has depression, she told me ages ago and i've told her i'm always here for her, ect.
but most days (when we message each other) she always responds with 'i'm okay ig' whenever i ask how she is  or if it's really bad she responds with 'i'm awful', i feel really bad because i've already said everything and i don't know if it's annoying to her if i keep repeating the same thing every day, she knows i'm always there for her because i've mentioned it a lot.
in summary, my friend is depressed and every time we message each other she says she isn't ok or 'i'm ok ig', i've already said the 'i'm always here for you' stuff but since she says she isn't good every day i dont know how to respond without sounding too repetitive, i feel really bad because i really do care about her but i'm useless and have no idea what to say.
does she get tired of hearing the same things over again?
how do i comfort her?
what do i say?
i understand this is different to every one but i'd like atleast a general idea of what i can do, thank you.
i still live with my parents, so im constantly holding in how goddamn miserable i am, pretending to be fine, making jokes and smiling and helping around the house when i just want to collapse in bed and sleep for the rest of my lifei haven't spoken to anyone outside of my parents in a few weeks.
i posted on reddit about how my best friend basically told me the only solution would be to kill myself when i was venting to them, and they were the only one i really trusted to talk about how shitty i felt sometimes.
obv i know that was my mistake, i shouldn't have forced my problems on someone else, but still it hurts.
it's been nearly a month and they haven't even bothered trying to contact me anymore, maybe i should just consider that bridge burnt and let go of whatever hope i still had.
and since that happened i can't even trust the few friends i still have cause im terrified of them saying the same thing.
since i can't trust them, im constantly masking how shitty i feel, and it's so goddamn exhausting.
i'm so fucking tired.
i moved out with my bf and now realized i shouldn’t of.
i have no money, my ride (my bf) is not reliable at all, always making me miss work.
i pay $750+ in rent/utilities and i’ve begged him to help me pay it off but he refuses each time.
(both in early 20s)(he’s a youtuber and makes more than me with my retail job).
my parents are moving out of the state and don’t know how to help me out, or don’t know if i can go back with them.
i have legit $50 in my bank, and currently work a $9 job that only allows 15 hours a week.
do that math, so little $$:(.
i’m trying to get another one but it’s hard.
as well my city is very dangerous and a girl should not be riding buses/walking alone out here.
i have no help, at all.
i’m doing this all alone.
i’m so exhausted.
my brain is legit fried.
i have no money, and i will get kicked out.
i had tried for benefits but they where halted (i moved here with a great job then unfortunately got laid off.)
my bf’s gonna go on vacation this week to disney (even tho he won’t help me out) and i wonder if i should just end it all.
i flat out won’t have anywhere near enough money by next rent, and the person i thought i could rely on is never they’re for me.
could be my last post who knows.
i just want to cut so deep, and have this want to just slit my throat.
just end it all, and have no more worries.
i dont often dream, and when i do it's usually scary or nonsensical.
this time was incredibly fulfilling.
i drove around with all of my friends.
we did nothing important but i was absolutely positive that they all liked me and that my presence was welcomed.
we had a sleepover at my friend's work, for some reason.
i was happy to have a night where me and my friends gave each other our undivided attention.
a boy i like told me he had a crush on me.
i kissed him.
a girl i like sent me a letter.
her letter was somewhat personal, she talked about her day and some random thoughts, the kind of thing you'd send over a few dozen texts nowadays.
it wasn't an admission by any means, but being sent a letter showed she still cared and thought about me.
that was enough.
in the dream i was absolutely adamant that i would get to writing her back.
it's 3pm now.
the only reason i'm still awake is because my back hurts from lying in bed too long.
my summer classes start in three hours.
i'm hungry and thirsty but i don't want to eat or drink.
all i want is to get back to my dream, but i don't think i'll ever see it again.
the worst part is that i never even got to write that letter.
it's all my fault.
i'm going to punish myself severely because of it.
that feeling when you want something bad to happen to you is called  lachesism!
i cant stop crying.
i’m doing everything i can to be better.
i exercise i eat healthy i read i stay busy i talk to friends and talk to my mom.
i am suffering.
i don’t want to live like this.
i feel like a burden to everyone around me.
i just want to feel ok.
i wanna feel like i used to.
i wanna be free.
please tell me it gets better
i don't really know what's wrong with me.
i'm a 17 (very close to 18) year old girl and i'm diagnosed with adhd and ocd.
i spent just under a week in a mental hospital in late january for suicidal thoughts.
while i was there i spoke with a psychiatrist, who said i was probably bipolar.
he put me on abilify as an antidepressant, explaining something about how people who are bipolar don't respond to ssri's (which i was on before and didn't work).
to make a long story short, i desperately need an antidepressant, but it's going to take months before my dosage of abilify will be increased (it's only at 2 mg, which does absolutely nothing for me).
i'm on vyvanse for my adhd, and it works perfectly at 60 mg, but i'm only prescribed 30 mg, and it doesn't work at that dose.
i have a therapist already.
she was, from my understanding, supposed to teach me cbt techniques or something.
instead, i come in, tell her what happened that week, she tells me how sorry she is for me, and i leave.
it's hard because every week i tell her the same thing, that i miss my ex boyfriend (that's a really, really long story).
i've been in therapy in the past as well and it just doesn't seem to work for me.
i can't be completely honest with anyone, let alone someone i barely know and have no bond with.
in addition, i go through huge mood swings.
a lot of times, i'll come into therapy on a good day and in a good mood, and we have nothing to talk about.
but later that week, or even later that day, something could happen and send me into tears and anxiety attacks.
i asked my mom about getting another therapist, but according to her at least it's just not feasible right now.
most of the time, if i'm in a bad state of mine, i'm at home.
there's really nothing to do but text or call a friend.
i feel like everyone encourages reaching out if you need help, but i have help.
i'm in therapy, i'm on medication, and neither of them are doing anything for me right now.
there's no one i can reach out to in the moment but my friends for momentary support/comfort.
i am lucky in that i have a good number of friends who i trust and are willing to help me in my bad moments.
but i feel incredibly guilty when i do so.
last night at 3 am, i had a horrible anxiety attack, and i facetimed my friend and as soon as he answered i told him while sobbing, "i'm literally so close to killing myself right now."
he calmed me down and waited until i fell asleep to hang up.
i appreciate him so much for doing that, and for my friends who have done similar things, but i feel horrible.
it is so much pressure to put on someone, and obviously he's not a therapist or some kind of mental health professional, it just doesn't seem fair for him to have to see me like that and try and help me through it.
but at the same time, if he hadn't answered i really do think i would have hurt myself.
so i feel sort of stuck.
i don't want to stress my friends out, or annoy them and make them not want to be my friend anymore.
i'm so scared of losing my friends because of this.
i feel like people won't like me if all i do is vent to them.
i feel like people won't like being friends with me if it's no fun talking to me.
they put me on this about 3 years ago, but it has one hell of a side effect profile.
weight gain, and the worst is the almost absolute loss of libido (which may be because it's prescribed in combination with clonazepam).
anyone else take this poison?
it does have a few upsides in that it worked better for me than the others, and if you chew up some of those xr beads you get you a little rush.
the withdrawal is terrible.
constant nausea and vomiting, feels like being dope sick.
cymbalta's even worse i hear.
is there a good replacement for effexor without so many side effects, or all snri's like this?
i feel like i don’t belong anywhere.
i don’t fit in.
i feel alienated.
i feel i can’t deal with anymore problems.
sometimes i feel i’d be better off  somewhere else.
i don’t know how to feel better.
... they also have a few side effects that i'm struggling with, and i kinda wanted to know an opinion on how to deal with them.
first is sleep.
back in the day, in my teenage years, i would sleep 3-5h tops.
i was a severe insomniac, and that was probably one of the reasons that lead to my depression, meds helped with that initially, but now i have the opposite problem.
if i don't put an alarm clock i will easily sleep 15 uninterrupted hours, and getting out of bed before that is extremely hard.
maybe i manage to wake up early in the morning one day, but the next day i will just feel like shit, and can't get up.
i've tried putting my phone away from my bed, so i'm forced to stand up to turn it off, but that doesn't work most of the time, because again, i will feel like the weight of the world is on my entire body unless i go back to sleep.
i'm currently a college student, and i kinda need that time i spend sleeping studying, but i just can't do it, and the worse part is that those extra hours of sleep don't even feel that good, i still feel drowsy after waking up.
second is food.
the meds make me very hungry all the time, and they slow down my metabolism, so i've gained a lot of weight lately, i restarted working out at the gym since they reopened in my area, but that isn't having an effect, and it's affecting my head looking in a mirror, and seeing my huge belly.
after almost a year of paying for my grandfather’s hospital bills (#noregrets) i have depleted my life’s savings and am a few days away from being homeless.
tbh the moment he passes i’m going to take my own life too...  i used to have a life and be “happy”, however as soon as i couldn’t pay my own way my “friends” disowned/distanced themselves to the point where i feel more alone than ever.
is financial depression even a thing?
i have dropped my expectations from life lower than my father's expectations from me.
so yeah pretty low.
i'm 20.i wanted to jump out to my death for the last 12 years.i don't have family (they're alive but i don't have  "family") i don't have any friends.
i don't remember the times i felt happy.
i do not even think i am feeling sad anymore.
everyday is wake up, eat, read books, manga,youtube sleep.
i have been living my life like this for so long.
i stopped thinking what's wrong with me because i know i can't get rid of me unless i killed myself.
i started to go to therapy i take my pills everyday.
they said go out you will feel better i did go out they said exercise i did, meet new people i did.
nothings works.
i accepted it.
it's never gonna be okay.
i'm not like others so this is my life i have to accept it.
but the only thing i wish is for one day, one fucking day i don't want to think about killing myself.i don't want to be happy anymore, i don't need family, friends i'm used to pain it's okay but i want to know how it feels a day without this thoughts.
that's all.
it's not much.
then why?
pills doesn't work, therapy doesn't work.
what's more do i have to do?
what's left that i could do?
i just want one day please.
when i'm driving, i try and let people who are waiting on a stop or wait sign to pass before me, because it might take them sometime before they'll be able to otherwise.
i try to help people in other situations too as far as i feel comfortable.
i also try and smile, greet and be kind to people i don't even know.
i help them because existence is pain, life is suffering, and if i can help at least a bit, i let their suffering and pain be more bearable.
i know life is shit because it is to me, so i try to make other people less miserable because i know what it feels like.
hoping they will do the same to me or others.
if i can't get relief for myself at least someone else will get it.
damn i need a hug right now.
i feel miserable.
this pain is tiring me.
please make it stop.
i'm starting to care less about everything school, making sure i take care of myself (brushing teething showering, ect.
), i caring less if i'm clearing rude to my family.
i think my cup is overflowing.
i think about suicide daily
i've recently noticed my friend has been a bit more down lately due to depression, and i was wondering if there's any nice things i could do for them?
of course there's being supportive, speaking with them etc which i am doing, but i was more thinking along the lines of not-too-draining outings or little presents or favours to cheer them up.
just some little distractions so they're not as stuck in a rut :)
i’m tired, i don’t wanna be here anymore and i feel nothing anymore.
what’s the point of even being around if you can’t even feel anything.
the things that made me happy no longer even crack a smile on my face.
i just feel so lost and empty.
there is nothing that i can think that would make me feel happy or even temporary joy.
i should reach out for help but i just don’t want to burden someone with my issues and problems so i hold it in.
i’ll be fine soon, i always end up fine in the end.
i just wish the end came sooner.
so i failed two classes today.
i had two finals and failed them both.
i was doing pretty good throughout the semester but i literally couldn’t remember a single thing that we i learned.
i already have testing anxiety and i’ve been having pretty bad memory issues lately because of my depression.
i’ve actually failed all of my finals but the two previous ones didn’t bring my grade low enough to make me fail.
slipping back into another depressive episode and don’t know what to do about it.
i was doing good for a few weeks but here i am again with intense negative thoughts and unmotivated to do anything.
it’s a cycle.
feel fine for 2 or 2 and a half weeks then like shit again for the same amount of time weeks.
sometimes the depressive episodes last even longer.
it’s like i climb up a little and think “hey things are starting to look better” and then i fall again deep.
repeat.
someone i really liked and was talking to unexpectedly cut things off and it made me feel like such a worthless person .
it happened a while ago and i was doing fine.
now i’m not.
honestly life is okay i can’t  complain but i just don’t want to be here and i want to be in bed not doing anything.
nothing makes me happy for longer than a..couple of hours.
last year around this time i felt the same way.
i just need to know there’s light at the end of the tunnel because i’m getting increasingly desperate.
when will it get better?
and how?
i don’t see it happening for myself to be honest.
is this just life?
hanging on by a thread all the time?
i don’t even have reasons to be unhappy.
i have a job, family and friends.
but i am.
and i feel hopeless and powerless because despite all the blessings i have, i can’t seem to enjoy life at all.
i grew up and live in a dark and cold part of the us, and have pretty severe seasonal depression.
i have a job where it's pretty easy to get new positions (cpa), so i've often wondered about moving somewhere warm and sunny.
has anyone with severe seasonal depression done this?
how'd it turn out for you?
i've been dealing with a lot for a long time, and recently things took a definite upturn, then they didn't.
then they did.
then they dropped of the face of the earth.
i don't know where else to turn.
i'm not suicidal but i told my dog goodbye and i don't know why.
now my best friend (the dog) is watching me cry while i type this and i can tell he wants to help but neither of us know how
"reflection:  get to know yourself more by listing and describing your personality's strengths and weaknesses.
give me your findings and draw a conclusion about yourself and  the kind of personality that you have.
do you possess a characteristics that will enable you to lead in the future?
discuss it extensively."
this question gave me more anxiety and sadness since i realize i only ever knew my weaknesses and not my strengths.
i used to know my strengths, but i don't think i still have them now.
also, "give me your findings" what does that even mean?
i've never been here, and i don't know if commiserating with a bunch of other depressed people is healthy, but i have nowhere else to vent.
i am just...so...tired.
i am tired of staying up until i'm delirious from exhaustion because the other option is laying there while my brain goes over, in minute detail, what a pos i am.
i'm tired of going to sleep agonizing over what a terrible place the world is, and i'm tired of waking up to find it's somehow gotteb worse.
i'm tired of brushing my teeth in the hall and shaving in the shower because i can't stand to look at myself in the mirror.
i'm tired of wearing long sleeves in the summer to cover my self-inflicted scratch wounds, old and new.
i'm tired of watching the same shows and playing the same games because the new terrifies me.
and i'm tired of feeling alone.
my friends and family say," we're here for you, you can talk to us."
bullshit.
whenever i try to take them up on that, or have a "moment", they hightail it.
"you're freaking me out."
"you're pissing me off" "ugh, can we talk about this later" "i'll come back when you've calmed down" and the worst, from my mom, "i will commit you if i have to, so pull yourself together."
after nearly being commited by the psychologist i saw once a year as part of my counseling, i became withdrawn.
i can't express any negative emotion besides anger, which for some reason is more acceptable for men than crying.
i wanted to cry over sonething sad, and i couldn't.
i just got nauseous.
i don't expect anyone to read this, or care.
i certainly don't care about myself much.
i just...want to quit.
you know when you're a kid, learning little life lessons?
one of those was that if there's sonething unpleasant you have to do, it's better to just do it and get it over with.
death is just about the worst thing that can happen to you, and everyone has to do it.
why not just get it over with, spare yourself all the pain and fear of life?
tw: mention of suicidal thoughtsmy life feels like a nightmare where good things happen to me but i can’t enjoy them.
i see the people i love every day but i can’t remember the good memories i have with them.
i can’t remember why i do anything; all i know is that if i stop doing things i won’t be able to fly under the radar anymore.
everyone will know just how dark my mind has been.
they won’t think my room is messy because i’m just gross anymore; they’ll realize i’ve been spiraling down for a month and thinking about suicide every day for weeks.
but it’s getting harder to hide.
i don’t know what to do with this empty life.
it feels so out of reach.
i want to live on my own and be independent but the thought of committing to something makes me feel so anxious and angry.
i wish i could commit to nothing.
i don’t want to see how i turn out.
i’m angry i was ever allowed to be born because i’m so terrible and useless.
i don’t know why anyone likes me or tolerates me when all i do is cry and cry about my life and then not be brave enough to change it.
but i fear who i’ll be in the future.
i’m afraid that i’ll hate myself even more for the life i decided to live after all the trauma i went through.
i’ll hate myself for not being better.
anyway, sorry.
i just needed to vent.
every time i search trying to figure out what this is, it leads me to anhedonia which isnt right.
i still love playing valorant and league and overwatch, i still love drawing and reading and i love watching drag race and i still love so many things.
but they don't make me happy.
there's no joy in the things i love, but i still love them.
does anyone know what this would be called?
im also autistic but i dont think thats a factor in this case.
thank you in advance
ive posted about my depression.
ive replied comments, ive tried reaching out to people to chat online on a community called "making friends".
whta is the matter with me that nobody replies?
i didnt even mention my current situation i was just trying to make conversation.
not even here plp replied, im so anguished that my chest is aching and i have no one to reach out besides my brother who is alrealdy in pain.
i try helping people when i can but most plp never seem willing to do the same for me.
i don't post often.
mostly because it's exhausting to even type out my thoughts sometimes.
but yeah, it's rough.. i mean, i still have things that i would like to happen but i've lost a bit of passion, motivation, and purpose.. art and music are my two biggest loves and both feel like such a chore to do now.
it's been like that for over 2 years maybe.. i've taken a long ass time away from both and am trying to push through and get back into everything.
i did complete one small painting last month and currently working on another for a small art show early next month.
i'm proud of at least that, but i'm also filled with dread every time i go to paint.
music is the same, too.
for music, i'm thinking about doing a masterclass course to help get motivated to write, play and record.
i can acknowledge these efforts are something to be proud of, but i don't quite feel that way.
i'm definitely trying here but damn it's hard.. i am working with an awesome therapist and taking medicine which helps me, but sometimes there's these numb and dreadful periods where i sometimes sleep to pass the time otherwise i'm driving myself crazy staring at the walls, being on my phone, watching tv, or whatever just waiting for the day to be over.
i just wanted to vent a little.
i feel lost and like i want to do everything and nothing at all.
such a strange feeling.. 😞if anyone else is going through this as well, i'm so sorry.
i'm in it with you and we'll get through it.
but today, i feel like i need some extra words of encouragement, if you have any.
love and respect.
all one has to do is look at the rising suicide rates over the years(i know it’s been on the rise for years in the us) and the fact that social media has caused our generation to be more lonely, detached, and anxious than ever before.
i guess what made me write this is that i’ve read countless “unpopular opinions” about how billie eilish is overrated because she writes depressing music to be trendy and that she’s only “fake depressed”.
little do they know, she’s talked about how she used to self harm in bathrooms and has had suicidal thoughts.
i do think it’s become fairly popular nowadays to “gate-keep” depression.
now you have to prove you’re actually depressed in order for people to initiate you into this depression club they’ve formed.
if you smile a few times with your friends or take social pics for instagram, those gatekeepers think it’s impossible for you to be depressed.
you make one dark-humored joke about having depression, they’ll say you’re only doing it because it’s trendy; not because you’re actually depressed.
gate-keeping depression is weird.
anyone can be depressed and even suicidal.
rich or poor.
conventionally attractive or not.
in a committed relationship or not.
that person you see who’s bubbly in person could be putting up a facade so you can’t see just how broken, damaged, and helpless they feel internally.
gate-keeping depression does way more harm than good(if there’s any good at all) because what if that person who’s in serious need of help decides to attempt suicide—not to actually die but solely to be taken serious and to avoid people saying they’re seeking attention.
firstly i want to say that i'm 14, my birthday was 3 days ago, and if you have any problem with that then just leave.
i don't need your knowledge or experience at being a dick to small childs.
english is my second language so i can't write that wellthere's a tl:dr at the bottom of the pagewhen i was seven, i had my first existencial crisis, i spent a month thinking about death, and how i was being a bad person, and how i don't deserve what i have.
yes, i was seven.
2 years later my granphater died, and the best time of my life - by that i mean, the one with less misery- started, i was narcisisstic and a compulsive liar, i still am, and i had 3 friends, two of which i had a tiny connection with.
at fifth grade i was very much a \im 14 and this is deep\ kid, i was betrayed by my family four times, i told them something i really tought they wouldn't tell anyone, but they did tell other people, in front of me.
i only cried once, and it was for 30 minutes straight, my family laughted at me for crying, and other traumatic events happened.
i also forgot to mention i was exceptionally good at math.
i also passed a test and got a 100% schollarship for a private school in my city.
one.year later i was unhappy and repressing my emotions, and all my ideals were wrong and badly made, i knew that, and i blamed myself.
i also lost the schollarship, and went back to public school.
i forgot to mention that i lived with my grandmother, and that she doesn't have a good relashionship with my mother, i'm saying this now because she started saying that she would " abandon me", and have me live with my mother, and guaranteed me it would suck, which is healthy and didn't afect me at allanother year passed, i didn't feel like i was a kid anymore, i didn't laugh like the other kids, i didn't cry, i watched documantaries, read non-fiction books, and didn't feel like doing nothing, everything was boring.
i thought that having suicidal thoughts was stupidtwo years later the pandemic started, i thought i was going to be fine, but it was surely way worse than i ever thought it would be.
i kept thinking it couldn't get any worst, but it did, i matured more, so i realised my mom and my grandmother sucked, and that most of the bad things that happened to me were because they didn't have common sense.
i also realised i had severe anxiety.
in december 28th, i moved to my father's houseit didn't go that smoothly, my mom didn't accept the guard process( idk how to say it in english, its basically taking their power to decide where i live) she said an amazingly big amount of things that bothered me and showed how much she doesn't know about my life, there was an court thing ( again, i don't know the name of it in english, it wasn't in court, but it was like- close to the court room) where i did some beeps and the judge did the boops and my mom had a breakdown( she didn't accept the fact that she is losing something, i know that because she is bipolar and manipualtive, everyone on my family knows that) the process thing is still ongoing but there's no way we'll lose.
i also think about killing myself a lottl:dr: my family gave a lot of traumas, i have existencial crisises since i was six, i don't trust anyone, and i can't trust anyone.
today, i have anxiety, probably depression, don't trust anyone, am aphatic( i don't feel love in general, like mathernal or phaternal love and also other types of love), don't have motivation, thought about killing myself countless times and i'm a nihilist, not the pessimistic type tho.
i think life is fucking great but can't find a way to feel like life is fucking great.
i hope other people feel like this too.
ps i forgot to mention my father is awesome, but i can't say a lot of things to him, he is very homophobic and racist, it surely bothers me but i can't do anything about it.
that's just it.
i feel replaceable, unnecessary.
like an extra puzzle piece or something.
i've been thinking lately, am i really necessary?
i have a friend group of five people (including me).
we aren't very close, or at least i'm not.
they never message me, and on special occasions when we hang out i'm not interacting with them.
i know they talk to each other a lot, and i go unnoticed.
i keep thinking about my brother, who died as an infant.
he never got to live life, and i do.
maybe if he lived he'd talk to people.
maybe he would get good grades, do sports, or at least not sit in his room all day watching fucking japanese cartoons.
maybe mom would be proud of him.
i don't have achievements to look back on.
i don't have anyone to reassure me that i'm needed, everyone is busy.
i'm not.
i'm wrapped in a blanket, crying as i write a reddit post about how terrible i feel.
this sucks, but at least i got this out.
the book is available [here]( from the wellness society.
everyone right now needs a little extra help and hopefully, this e-book can assist some of you in uncovering the toolset you need during this abnormal time, or at least it might help with bridging the gap between now and when you may be able to seek more professional assistance.
obviously, it's not a solution to all problems, and some of you are going to be going through a lot more than others, but i hope many of you can find it useful.
stay safe, stay healthy.
so i have health anxiety and i’m young (24) i’ve got every test in the book done but an mri .
i keep getting worried about having a stroke idk why .
i feel like i’m too aware of my body sensations and think over thinking  some sensations and they get worse and then i get in my head thinking something is wrong .
how do you stop this thinking ?
 new yorkers: are you feeling worried, sad, anxious, or depressed?
teachers college, columbia university is offering no-cost telehealth therapy as part of a research study for individuals across new york state that are struggling with emotional distress during the covid-19 pandemic.
if you are an adult between the ages of 18-65, you may be eligible to receive this innovative treatment from specially trained clinicians.
eligible participants will be compensated for brief questionnaires before and after therapy.
between therapy sessions, participants will be invited to utilize a novel internet- and mobile-based platform to supplement treatment.
for more information and to fill out a pre-screen questionnaire, please visit:
fill this out.
hi everyone, i really want to hear if anyone has had experiences with white hair due to stress and if it will go away.
i am only 23 years old and this year has been extremely stressful for me, and i started to notice a lot of white hair.
when i say a lot i don’t mean like 5 hairs, i mean like a lot.
i started to notice small strands that are completely white, and honestly that caused me a lot more stress on top of it.
i’m hoping hearing other’s experiences will help me feel a bit better.
stress and anxiety go hand-in-hand.
stress is the feeling that causes physical, emotional, or psychological strain.
whereas anxiety is a feeling of fear, worry, or uneasiness that is usually a response to stress.
ignoring any of them is an open call to health issues.
timely action can prevent the further harmful effects of stress and anxiety.
here are 7 [ways to relieve your stress]( and anxiety; take a look1. regular sleepan uninterrupted quality of regular sleep will keep stress and anxiety at bay.
training yourself to sleep early is the biggest thing you can gift yourself.
2. spend some quality time with kidskids are the happiest souls on our planet.
be it human or animal, babies are the cutest.
spending just half an hour with a baby is equal to enjoy a whole day in a park.
3. invest some time in exercisedaily consistent workout stimulates your muscles and nerves and helps keep you fit.
a healthy and fit physique is considered to be beneficial for a healthy mind and mental health.
4. laugh your heart outlaughter is the best medicine to cure health issues.
especially if you train yourself to laugh out your tensions, you will be able to reduce much of the stress and anxiety in one go.
5. share your painsharing your troubles with your loved ones or someone you trust, or even with your diary, helps relieve much of the stress.
when we keep all the pain confined within us, it starts harming us within, resulting in anxiety, fear, or stress.
hence, it’s always better to exhale out all of the chaos.
6. take out some time for your hobbieslistening to good music, dancing, gardening, cooking, or whatever may be your hobby, give it some time.
it will refresh you.
it will take off your mind from all the tensions.
you will start engaging in new ideas and creations, thus relieving stress and anxiety.
7. meditatemeditation is the relaxing of your mind and soul.
the breathing pattern helps you concentrate and focus on your inner peace.
daily 30 min of deep mediation is an excellent way to relax your mind and calm down.
it also helps organize yourself.
hey everybody,i felt like sharing a video here, where i share how we can use the breath to reduce stress and anxiety, and to feel more at ease and more safe in the moment.
paying more attention to the breath has helped me so much in feeling more at ease, because i now know what to do, and why to do it.
i also explain a little bit about the science of what happens in our bodies when we slow down the breath, so you can understand it also, and so that you can give more meaning to what you are doing.
i hope that it helps :) any questions, feel free to write me a personal message.
thanks,robinhere is the video:[
 responding and being able to cope with [stress]( is what most people today are looking for and thus it would be worth exploring how to respond to stress in the quest to gain some control over this negative effect and get back some semblance of peace in the everyday life cycle of the individual.
the body naturally reacts to any indication of [stress]( and most times this response in not healthy and often fatal.
when the body is challenged by any condition that it considers being under [stress]( it will kick in the natural responses that would require it to sort out the problem as quickly as possible in order to normalize the overall conditions.
the hormones and cortisol from the adrenal cortex and adrenalin form the adrenal medulla go out on if usual synchronicity patterns.
[for more](
hi everyone,i would very much appreciate if you could help by answering to this question:what are the 3 main stressors in your life, right now?
please share your thoughts.
thank you  :)
we all have stress at work right?
it’s not like i am a doctor or run a billion dollar company.
it youth sports.. 60 hours a week (even when i had covid) i have a second interview for a new job.
but is the grass any greener on the other side?
i would be giving up the following.
1.
4 weeks vacation 2. freedom to plan my schedule3.
7 years experience 4. basically unsupervised i could get1.
40 work week2. more pay3. also a fast paced work place (not a positive thing)4. close to home.
i am just so tired...
during the pandemic, the number of people showing anxiety/depression symptoms has increased four-fold between 2019 and 2020. this is a small endeavour to gauge people's coping mechanisms for stress.
please help me with this quick survey (link given below).
it hardly takes 4 minutes, and you’ll be talking about yourselves for most part of it :)
was laying in bed last night and i started getting light headed and short of breath and i was shallow breathing and i was like forgetting to breath ?
happen to anyone else ?
does anyone every time ant to just get a brain mri and mri on everything to just have reassurance?
trying to raise funds for a particular fundraiser.
i am not on the committee of the fundraiser, but was 'told' to try to raise funds for this fundraiser.
was an outside member trying to help.
now since this fundraiser has been publicly named via email with local news, i get black lash because the article printed was not approved by the committee.
and it is a 'sensitive' topic.
i guess i am done helping them with this fundraiser.
every public article has to be approved and that takes a couple of weeks to get approval since they do not meet that often.
our event is next month.
try to get funds for a fundraiser but do it quietly, and not make any noise.
oh and it has to be approved by committee.
go get em.
tl/dr at bottom.
so, i know this isn't nearly as serious as some people on this sub reddit, and i don't want to detract from those that really need help, but i'm wondering if anyone else experiences this.
i'm on vacation, first time in about a year that i have had several days designated to relax, but i feel like i have so much on my plate that i can't relax.
work has been extremely stressful, and i have been going the extra mile to make sure that things get done correctly there.
i feel like i'm sorry far behind at work that i might pass myself trying to catch up.
my wife an i have also trying to get the house ready for the largest family gathering we have ever had at our house.
finishing up a complete remodel and there are a bunch of little things that need to be done so that i feel people aren't judging me.
with all that being said, now that i'm here it feels more stressful to try to force myself to relax than it would be to just keep working and try to get caught up.
if i had the option of an invisibility cloak, i would take off of work, then go in so i can get caught up without anyone bothering me and pulling me away from the task at hand.
i don't know if these feelings are genetic or learned, but i have heard my dad say essentially the same thing in past.
i am on meds for anxiety.
has anyone else ever experienced this?
tl/dr: i feel stressed that i'm on vacation and not working.
maybe even a touch guilty.
can't explain this feeling otherway.
ever since i switched jobs and started working in a bank, i've been under crazy stress.
i have troubles sleeping, my heart keeps beating hard whenever i go to bed to sleep, i have lost my appetite... i even lost 7kg in 2 months.
all i want to do when i get home from work is shower and go to bed.
sometimes i even have this strong urge to cry.
i honestly do not know how to deal with this.
my parents do not understand, they think i should be happy to have a job in a bank.
my boyfriend thinks it's just a rough patch because of a sudden change.
my friends think i'm ignoring them...i hate this awful feeling i have in my stomach whenever i need to go to the work.
it feels like a weakness... i'm an adult, i should be able to handle this.
i have handled stress much better at previous jobs... but this thing with pandemic, isolation, new job, me being almost 28 and still not in a place i wanted to be at.... it makes it harder to breath..it's just a rant but any advice how to handle this would be appreciated...
hey guys, so a while back i did a post about the symptoms to look for when fearing burnout is around the corner ( link in the end of the post).
it was quite appreciated, so thought i'd do a little follow-up on how it's been going to recover and later also talk about how i lived that caused the burnout.
so i started with recording a video sharing all the symptoms i still live with more than 1,5 years after the crash.
not to make people feel sorry for me, but because i want you to realize that there really is a cost to working 24/7.
even if it's super fun and you feel like you have all the energy in the world.
like i did.
also, i just want to say, i love life and this experience has made me love it even more.
life is fragile - cherish it!!
link to the video: [&amp;#x200b;now the video tells the story best.
but in short, i still suffer from the following:\- headaches on a daily basis if i "strain" my brain too much.
that is "thinking" too hard or too much.
i work with video editing right now, so it could be me just working for 20 minutes.
this could also be caused by just thinking about something that stresses me or talking to a person for too long or when i feel the least amount of pressure.
\- if i work out and push myself just a little bit too much, my body shuts down and it feels like i get the flu.
headache.
dizzy.
almost feverish feeling.
and i don't need to push hard to reach this.
deadlift is a given if i want this to happen.
\- memory loss / hard time remembering things\- concentration difficulties and very low ability to concentrate\- dizzyness\- body that won't recover or heal wounds/inflammation quickly \- graying hair (or is it me getting old :d )\- emotional volatility ( crying a lot )\- variating degree - some days i feel normal, some days it's like my body is in a standyby mood.
&amp;#x200b;later in the week ill also release a video talking about how i lived that caused my burnout.
&amp;#x200b;&amp;#x200b;&amp;#x200b;link to the first post i did  on [burnout ( fatigue syndrome ) symptoms to watch out for!
](&amp;#x200b;have a great day and stay on the right side of living :d
i wish i could just get an mri of my brain to have ease that it’s normal lol .
sometimes i get weird sensations and stuff which is probably normal and my anxiety but i get paranoid something is wrong up there
my family had a really bad fight today.
there was a lot of screaming and yelling and swearing and anger.
i ran to my room cause it stressed me out.
i feel like my family is crumbling apart.
i feel like my sister is gonna leave home and never talk to us again and my parents will get divorced and then i'll be all alone and scared and in a bad place.
this just makes me want to die.
i hate it.
i need it to stop.
i can't handle this anymore.
i'm so stressed and anxious and scared and upset and i just want it to end.
whether that be the fighting or my life, i don't care, i just need it to stop.
i can't do it anymore.
am i overreacting?
is this normal?
is there any way i can make myself feel better?
please, help.
i am currently in graduate school but not full time so my loans are about to be in repayment in about 2 months.
18 year old me got screwed over by discover.
interest rate of close to 14%.
over the 6 years since i started the loans there i owe close to 120k.
i cannot refinance because i make less than 12k a year.
i cannot make payments  because that 12k doesn't even cover my medical, food, and bill expenses.
i know because i'm poor they will reduce the payment to 50$ a month but that will do nothing to bring the ammount down.
everytime i log into my account i litterally get nauseous and my stomach clamps up and occasionally i cry.
i don't know how to handle that stress.
it looms over me and is impacting my life terribly.
i can't move out which is really messing with me, i am engaged but my fiance is paying and trying to do everything as low cost is stressful (don't want to elope i know that's selfish but i want a wedding), i am putting off health problems which are adding up because the cost is too high, cannot get a service dog because the cost is too high, i really want a child and i also get super sad because realistically i will have to wait about 6-7 more years.
you will love this one !
wave sounds and soothing melodies to forget all the stress of right now ,fade out and leave everything behind !
i hope this helps some !
ill post the link in comments :)
im 21, f.. i know wikipedia isn't the most reliable thing, but i just learned this, and now it's just making me so anxious.
i've seen people split hot dogs apart by putting an electrode into it, it very quickly splits and then starts to give off smoke.
i've also seen people split water into hydrogen and oxygen by simply allowing some current to flow through the water - and often it causes explosions or fires, because hydrogen is flammable.
i thought nerve cells and muscle cells just used chemicals and proteins to transmit signals and make things move, and not actual electricity like out of a high-tension power line.. it makes me really anxious because i used to have seizures and they could come back any time, actually i get muscle twitches all day every day, they are seizure-like but may not be caused by epilepsy.
now whenever i get those twitches i think those wires are short circuiting and im going to suddenly see sparks come off my skin and set my clothes on fire.
or my leg will suddenly heat up and cook itself from short circuiting and ill catch on fire.
also what if my nerves malfunction and short circuit, and i shake a friend's hand and i electrocute them to death or something?
i wouldnt be able to live with thati havent slept for days bc i keep thinking of this and doing research on it is only confirming my fears i feel like i want to literally rip all my nerves out my body
so i've been having these feelings of anxiety and stress whenever i think of going to a full time job.
i'm graduating university in a few months and i just find the future scary... the pandemic took over a year out of my life, i was hoping before, to explore more  about myself, and about possibilities after uni, but now i guess life was pretty much on pause and i just feel anxious and stressed just thinking about the fact that i'm graduating and will have to work full time.
anybody else can relate??
here's the video i made about my anxiety of going to a full time job, i feel like many people here could relate to that.
just know you're not alone in this &gt;&gt; [scared to go to work?
me too](please let me know if you have some tips on this topic!
i know work is essential for living and i'm trying  to look forward to it and find some good things about this huge change.
would love to hear your thoughts.
this stress is killing me
 new yorkers: are you feeling worried, sad, anxious, or depressed?
teachers college, columbia university is offering no-cost telehealth therapy as part of a research study for individuals across new york state that are struggling with emotional distress during the covid-19 pandemic.
if you are an adult between the ages of 18-65, you may be eligible to receive this innovative treatment from specially trained clinicians.
eligible participants will be compensated for brief questionnaires before and after therapy.
between therapy sessions, participants will be invited to utilize a novel internet- and mobile-based platform to supplement treatment.
for more information and to fill out a pre-screen questionnaire, please visit:
 [\#resignedwithoutajob]( anyone done this recently?
what makes you take this risky decision?
i’m in my mid twenties (f,25) and living with mother.
lately all she does is say negative things about me and it really puts me down.
i feel like i do everything wrong.
in my work life, my love life, social life, everything.
i was dating someone new and we recently broke up.
it was so abrupt and the circumstances suck, and now we aren’t talking after getting into an argument.
it’s hard to not let it get to me.
i keep thinking what if i had been more supportive?
what should i have done to fulfill their needs while grieving...they say they won’t date anyone else but what if they’re lying .. thoughts keep racing and making my heart beat fast i’m still unsure what i’m going to do career wise and if i can afford to live alone and if i won’t feel anxious living alone...all my thoughts at once make me feel really stressed out and it’s keeping me up at night.
i don’t sleep until 6 am sometimes 😞
 23 female.. there's this person (mark davis) 47, m. i've been fixated on since around 2015. it's like when i saw him, there was this instant interest/bond.
ever since, it's like i have to learn everything about him, even the most minute detail like his favorite color, what his medical history is, details about his job (prison warden) his political views, birthday (december 25th) everything, and they're quite similar to mine.
when i found out what his full name was, i was literally giddy and in a daze for a couple days.
just seeing the videos he's made makes me happy, i can be really stressed out or just feeling depressed, or anxious.
but then he makes me feel better.
he's super dorky but i find that adorable, he has this kind of charming energy and a voice that i find soothing.
(he sounds exactly like jello biafra)i haven't met him in person yet, but i hope to eventually.
he isn't exactly a friendly person all of the time, he can be an asshole to people at times.
i remember impulsively going full-hate mode on him when he said that he hated children.
then i snapped out of it..but i'm still attached to him and sometimes he even finds his way into my dreams then i get upset because it seems real.
he comes into my mind several times a day, like during dinner time i think, hmm i wonder what he's eating for dinner, or wondering when he's got home from work, when he'll be sleeping and then imagining him nice and comfy in bed.
i wonder how he's doing right now.
i've had these horrible nightmares where i'll dream that he died and i'd wake up literally sobbing, if he died i can't imagine how depressed i'd feel.
it makes me feel physically sick to imagine anything happening to him.
i had this dream where he was found dead in a pit of spikes and there was blood everywhere and his eyes and mouth were wide open.
then i felt him and he was freezing cold.. it messed me up for daysi keep feeling nauseous whenever i think about him like i've been on a rollercoaster or something.
problem is...i have no way of directly contacting him and i'm not even sure if he'd want me as a friend or not.
i don't know what to do and i don't feel like i want to discuss this with a doctor in person, because i'd seem crazy and stalker-ish.
hey everyone!
just wanted to let you know that's there's a free session happening this sunday on the yogic management of stress - the platform is only a month or so old so it's a little buggy but the sessions are conduct by professionals who have decades of experience - these conceptualizations, tips and techniques really help.
join if you're free: [the yogic management of stress | heal by santani](
i’m an 18 year old male.
i have treatment resistant bipolar depression, severe social anxiety, panic attacks, aspergers.
and besides that i’m going through a lot of financial problems.
the stress is starting to get to the point where my heart starts to hurt so badly i can barely manage to move at times.
besides this i am getting trouble breathing, constant migraines, stomach pain and random aches.
but the heart is what hurts the most.
i’m concerned i might have a heart attack.
when it starts hurting it’s easily the most intense pain i’ve felt.
and i’ve been through a lot of painful situations.
i don’t know what to do.
could the stress cause a heart attack?
and if so what do i do?
i have no way to get rid of the stress.
i’ve been seeing doctors and trying treatments for the past 12 years of my life.
and i’ve been on over 30 different medications with no luck.
i had chronic stress for about 11 months last year convincing myself i had different types of cancer and now i have constant nausea, has anyone else had this?
people keep telling me i've ruined my body with the level of stress and anxiety i endured last year :/ can't see how this would make me this nauseous.
hey everyone, hope you're dong ok.
a few days ago i started getting pain in the left side of my chest.
it mostly happens when i lie down but sometimes happens for no reason.
is it maybe stress?
for some extra information i'm only 18 and i'd say i'm quite healthy aside from endometriosis and of course mental health problems.
i used to get chest pain at a time when my anxiety was at it's worst but it's weird that it's happening now.
i am stressed but it's just the usual.
when do you think i should start worrying?
so, i've a elder brother whom i used to respect so much and i used to think he's the only one who understands me and cares about me the most.
my family is so conservative and they don't want me to wear short dresses, have guy friends and not even close girl friends.
so i had always been oppressed and as a result i'm less expressive and i'm also less social and my this behaviour bothers my family a lot.
and my brother too is closed minded so, i don't have a choice but keep secrets that i do wear short dress when i'm out and i've a boyfriend.
i had the habit of writing diaries and it was something that always helped me to be calm, feel light, control my anxiety.
i'd to feel my diary as someone just mine and i'd write anything in there.
my every feelings, everything i had ever to say, and everything i never wanted anyone to know.
but my brother that always been curious about my life, i used to think it's cause he cares about me, but he stalking be on social media was really making me anxious, so i blocked him.
later he suddenly stopped talking to me, and i kept thinking what wrong did i do.
later my mom told me that he read my diary, that broke me, med me feel exposed ( i wasn't doing anything wrong in my life, i used to be just myself, atleast while writing my diary) and he read it all.
he was supposed to know the things he read.
i was so disappointed, so frustrated, so angry and it still makes me anxious now and then.
but i couldn't gather courage to question him.
i fear he'll question me about why do i do things he doesn't want me to do.
and ik i should fight and i can complain against him if he tries to hurt me, but the place where i live, the process is so hard, i'll always be blamed and idk what to do.
he didn't have any right to read my personal diary, i atleast expected him to have that much sense.
and the worst part is, i can't write anymore.
i tried writing on my diary after that, but i just couldn't.
ig the fear is still there, i feel like it won't help me anymore, i can't just mek it.
i feel like it's no more something of my own.
and i feel more frustrated now, i'm more anxious now.
and idk what should i do.
i'm recently thinking maybe i'll leave that diary just aside and my myself and new diary and keep a lock in it and try writing in it.
coz it's hard to go though stuffs and not being able to take it out.
i don't have enough friends either with whom i can talk about anything without feeling judged.
what do you all think?
please help me out.
hi folks i wanna reveal in this post what is the most important cause behind your psychological challenges, starting from your procrastination, self sabotaging, anxiety, failed relationships .. well as humans we do anything we could to feel like we're in control of our daily lives, the moment this sense of control started to get challeged spontaneously we resist and fight back to regain this control that we use to feel inside, because falsely we thought this is the only way to feel secure and successful, but as we know if we get to dig a little bit deeper on how life and this universe operates, we will discover that there's order and chaos as a core principal in this universe, in other words if you're always doing your best to eliminate chaos aka tension and life's challeges from your life, you'll start to deny an important part inside yourself which is the desire to evolve with world around you .. and that's the starting of all psychological pathologies .. basically your internal resistance to your life condition and reality is what getting you to suffer and feel depressed and anxious, if you just embrace life as it is by accepting it how it is, without any expectations or the desire to control your surroundings .. you'll feel peace and sense of security inside your psyche, suddenly your true self aka your authentic self will comes out and the reward of being able to achieve that is you'll be able to do things effortlessly without draining a big part of your energy on resisting or combating your emotions about what is going on around you .. hope you like this post for further discussions dm me guys for any questions
so i just left a military group.
i shall explain stuff first.
my country has a post school activity which is basically a military activity but it’s milder, adjusted and suitable for 13-16 year olds,  there are 2 branches of the activity such as a freestyle group with foot drills and a activity where its like the first branch but with guns.
so i joined the gun group and the exercises and drills were easy to learn but hard to do.
i messaged my ic and he said i could leave and he doesn’t blame us because of the injuries he had also faced.
i then left and felt like an outcast even tho my fellow members said its ok.
so what i am asking is that if any of you guys can help me cope with my stress.
i (28f) absolutely hate dating but i want love.
i’m constantly stressing myself out whenever i become interested in a new guy.
i stress because im constantly asking myself if im not good enough for him... especially when he doesn’t respond for hours.
i stress when he says he wants to go out but flakes last minute.
i stress when i’m with him and i can’t read if he’s interested.
then i stress when i think he’s just being nice when i ask him something and he gives a good answer.
of course i always play it cool.
like laughing it off when he flakes.
or saying no worries when he cancels.
or giving him space when i don’t want to look too clingy.
but inside i’m going crazy!
i want to turn this worrying off.
does anyone else have this issue?
i don’t like feeling this way and i don’t know how to stop feeling so stressed about this!
for  my thesis i've created a web-app where over 140 people from 27  countries around the world have released their 1 minute anxiety monster.
view the monster horde and release your own!
[www.releaseyouranxietymonster.com](
hi everyone,i have come to realise that my mind and body is defaulted towards being stressed.
from the minute i open my eyes, to the minute i close them i am constantly "doing" things and feeling like i am a few steps behind.
so for me it seems like an ingrained habit that i sort of deault to constantly.
does anyone have any ideas on how to break the habit of stressfully doing things and balancing it with just being?
i do meditate, yoga and those kinds of things but even that can sometimes be a stressful "must".
any thoughts would be much appreciated!
hi reddit,i'm in need of some advice.
2 years ago i worked myself into a burn-out of which i am still recovering.
i worked in an online marketing team that had a lot of desk/computer hours.
i still don't have a lot of energy and i still feel stressed, emotionally drained from time to time and still have a hard time living a normal life.
however, my biggest problem is that i cannot do computer work anymore.
whether it's gaming, watching video's, school work or just browsing for fun, i cannot last longer than 45 minutes without having one or more of these following symptoms:- lightheadedness - heavy head- pshyical stress, my body feels pumped up like it want's to run a marathon - concentration issuesi do not seem to have these symptoms when staring at my phone screen or tv screen.
i've always spent a lot of time behind my computer (gaming, chatting with friends etc) but now i cannot even have 1/8th the screen time that i could endure.
it kinda feels like my brain associates just sitting behind a computer with enourmous amounts of stress.
my question is, is there a way i can train my body or mind that i do not feel stressed anymore when sitting behind a computer?
i know that i'm not fully recovered yet and that i cannot expect big results but it's a big part of my life that i don't want to lose.
i already correct my shoulders when they are tense, i take regular breaks and i don't do work that stresses me out.
even gaming (which is one of my favourite things) i cannot seem to do anymore....some advice would be appreciated!
tl:dr: there is nothing that stressed me out more than sitting behind a computer screen, tips?
i wanna start off my saying a bit about me.
i'm a 19 year old \[male\]  in first year of uni -(maths&amp;physics) and i've: played the piano since i was six, produce music (some of which is now on spotify) and i am a "triathlete" (train 12-15 hours/week) ps.
running is my entire life - though i'm not great at it yet.
my flatmate, wendy, is one of my best friends.
over the pandemic we spent around 5 months living on our own (in the same bed since not in uni halls) and everything was great.
i have never been in a relationship and i am not ready for one, i made that crystal clear to her before i even invited her to stay with me over the 5 months.
we had somewhat a physical relationship, though we never had sex.
she asked why and the main was because i didn't want to lead her on, i told her that and would regularly check if she was okay living with me despite not having an emotional relationship - i know that wouldn't work for some people and i really liked spending my time with her.
throughout this time i didn't see anybody from uni (i was home) though i kept in close contact with a girl called lisa.
i picked up a few running and cycling injuries and had to give up training for a few weeks and it fucking broke me (still recovering, but doing much better).
recently, wendy told me she is in love with me.
i friendzoned her and immediately stopped anything physical that we had ever done - i really want this friendship to work.
but she is not okay.
i have spent 3 nights over the past two weeks (where i go to sleep at 4am, waking up at 7am for training) with her as she's having a panic attack .
i am trying everything i can.
she is now back home since my mum (a qualified counsellor) conviced here that staying in uni is not a good idea - though wendy wouldn't listen to me when i said it.
on top of this, my cycling injury is now back and i am picking up a bad shoulder from swimming and s&amp;c work.
music rooms aren't open and so i haven't practiced piano in a month (which is a big fucking deal).
i can't run/cycle/swim how i would like to, i can't practice music and i have no motivation to produce.
i hate my uni degree (it's really hard and i have no motivation) though i know when out of this rut i will begin to enjoy it again.
and, worst of all, i can't stop thinking about lisa.
i thought i didn't want a relationship but she is fucking everything to me.
what is wendy gonna do when she knows how i feel about lisa?
i'm scared she's gonna do something severe.
i don't know if i'm falling inlove with lisa but all i know is that i would die for her.
you're probably wondering why i have titled this what i have, but i can do a lot of great things (cocky, i know) and yet i still look in the mirror and see a 'failure'.
i just want to be satisfied with who i am but i have no love for myself.
i have dealt with "depression" (not really, but feeling constantly down for months on end) and a developing ed which i have now overcome - i don't want it to come back.
ps.
i can't talk about this in person, i have not told anybody how i feel, i have tried so many times but i just see it as weak and pathetic (never cried infront of anyone sober either).
join us for a live morning chakra healing meditation session.
so come along, unwind – relax deeply, enjoy new techniques and spend time in the company of like-minded people—a great way to rejuvenate and inspire yourselfregister now - [
i feel like i'm about to have a panic attack because i let myself procrastinate packing up my dorm room until the last minute.
its 2am and i have until 12pm to pack and i still have to sleep because i have a 2-3hr drive home tomorrow/today.
i cant focus on anything and it's making me so stressed.
i just feel like screaming.
well here as the title says, i just feel like crying most of the times at night.
i'm in university and have been taking it online and have been at home.
this has really made my mental health decline tbh.
i've been stressed by a lot of things and when i tried to tell my mom that i have been stressed all she said is i can't be stressed because i don't do anything all day.
after she said that it made me feel like i can't tell her anything.
just because i don't do much but school doesn't mean i can't be stressed.
i have a hard time concentrating at home and just feel unmotivated.
i'm also really stressed about what to do after university graduation.
it's just so much to be stressed about so it really hurt my mom doesn't believe i have any stress.
:/ i just don't know what to do anymore.
i'm recovering of a burn out and i'm learning more about myself.
measuringi have noticed i've got 4 points where i can measure my stress:- physical- mental- emotional- my motivation and perseverancewhen i'm stressed:- physically i just get pains everywhere when my body is in stress.
my muscles ache or problems with my bowel.
- mentally i have no concentration to do normal thinking, analysing or problem solving.
watching/reading/listen is just a no go.
- emotionally i cry often when an emotion pops up.
i can't control my emotions, they take over.
- my motivation/perseverance is minimal to not there at all, i can hardly take care of myself (eat, drink, hygiene) so doing things i want or need to do are just out of the question.
when i'm in this fase i'm out.
i just can sleep, i walk because i need to and i'm happy my parents provide me with food.
making my own stress thermometeri made a chart where i put the 4 measures next to each other and made 4 rows under it:- red: burn out 😫- orange: stressed 😖- yellow: minor stressed 😞- green: peaceful 😌in every cell i put indicators.
for example when i'm in yellow i can still watch a new movie, but not in orange, but usually not fully just about an hour.
in orange i loose motivation.
this way i can track my daily stress level.
origin of my stressi know i have some beliefs and expectations that cause me to ignore my feelings of need for rest.
it feels like the emotions of the beliefs and expectations are prioritised higher then my feeling of tiredness.
actually my whole wellbeing is prioritised less then my beliefs and expectations.
how i plan to recoveri'm resting right now, i'm lucky i get the time from my job to be sick and get paid leave.
daily i rest, walk, attend to my plants, clean up my house, i try to do at least 2 or 3 small tasks which i know are good for my wellbeing even though it can be hard.
i'm mindful, i meditate and i'm very aware of my emotions.
when they pop up i try to understand what belief or expectation is behind the emotions.
when they pop up when i need to make a difficult choice i choose rationally for my wellbeing.
rest, rest and more rest (physical, mental and emotional).
even though it takes a lot of courage to overcome the emotions i get not listening to my beliefs and expectations.
i'm not helping anybody when i can't even do things for myself!
after making a choices like this: i get proud of myself because i choose me 🥳motivation and perseverancei have noticed that my motivation and perseverance grows when i'm more rested again 😃 so, i started to do things that i love to do and give me satisfaction.
i’m looking for some advice for someone who’s maybe dealt with similar so i can get some sort of resolution.
i’ve had debilitating head pressure in the top back of my head along with lightheadedness, woozy feeling (like my head is swaying) faint feeling that comes and goes and blurry vision.
my head also feels like it’s spasms inside at times.
has anyone dealt with this in terms of anxiety?
what medications helped?
any exercises to make it better?
how long did it take to resolve or at least calm down?
so far it’s been 7 months and these symptoms will not go away.
i’ve seen all the specialists and gotten all the major scans and nothing shows
i think it's important that we manage our stress levels during this pandemic as it can literally affect our immune systems for the worse.
we need our immune systems to be strong to fight the virus.
this explains how [
hi, so this all started 18 months ago when i underwent a very stressful period moving countries for a new job.
since then, i've had various issues.
it started with minor skin issues then almost a year ago i started having trouble sleeping.
fast forward to now and after getting blood tests done loads of times and multiple trips to the er, i finally understand that i have been through chronic stress and i'm now freaking out about the inflammation in my body the past 18 months and the possible serious diseases i could get in the future.
i'm not out of the chronic stress yet but now i finally understand it i know how to beat it.
i'm going on antidepressants, going to start therapy, adapting an anti cortisol diet and continue exercising.
i hope that all these things will work.
i'm so scared of the future now but i know i need to just focus on the present and getting myself fully back to normal.
it just upsets me so much that i was in full health before the stupid move and now im not sure what the future holds.
i'm also angry at my doctor.
he should have explained this to me.
he wanted to treat me with antidepressants a year ago but i didn't listen because i didn't understand how they would help me.
i feel so stupid.
has anyone been through anything similar and how has your recovery gone?
 stress is usually brought on by anxiety and when this particular condition is addressed, it is possible to avoid building up the stress levels within the daily functions of the individual.
addressing the underlying causes of the stress, would better help the individual deal or change the circumstances that cause the stress, and thereby learning to comfortably adapt and cope with work place situations.
the following are some recommendations on how to manage stress at work effectively.
at work giving up coffee – most people are really unaware of the effect coffee has on the body and mind systems.
coffee helps to further elevate any conditions into hyper activity thus creating the ideal combination that further enhances any stressful circumstances.
the coffee flows into the blood and causes the adrenaline to be overly stimulated thus putting the brain into overdrive.
[for more](
 the home environment can usually seem like a battlefield as there are usually individual of various ages under one roof.
this alone is a stress contributing factor, as there are many needs and wants to satisfy and cope with.
with a little correct and comfortable practices, the stress levels for all concerned can be minimized.
the following are some of the common area that should be given due consideration in the quest to limit the occurrences of stressat home being organized is probable the best way to beat the stress condition from being a regular occurrence.
[for more](
 it is popularly believed that if an individual is not exposed to the stress causing circumstances, then the occurrence of the stress will be very unlikely and therefore not a dominant factor to contend with on a daily basis.
this has some truth to it, but it is not always possible to avoid or remove oneself from a circumstance that will eventually cause the stress to surface.
one of the ways that is recommended by most experts on the subject of stress management, is to ease the tension and in doing so bring the stress levels under adequate control.
the following are some tips on how to ease tension and reduce stress levels significantly.
[for more](
 it has been blamed for excess hair loss (medical name-androgenetic alopecia) although the molecular steps of hair loss in men and women are not fully understood.
this hormone is secreted in the testis of males and the ovaries of females, although men produce more of it.
various kinds of mental behaviour are not only subject to influence by environment and genetics but also day-to-day hormonal changes.
for example, stress can also inhibit testosterone synthesis and hence lead to decreased levels of it secretion [for more](
 both parties should be made aware of the fact that it is almost always impossible to change another person overnight or even over a long period of time.
accepting this is the first step in managing the relationship without adding stress to the combination.
working toward coping with the existing situation, instead of trying to force a change will be a lot easier and certainly less [stressful]( changing oneself is definitely more doable that attempting to change someone else.
[for  more](
 managing [stress]( adequately would require the need to first be able to identify the main causes of the presence of stress within the confines of the individual’s life.
when this has been identified then the relevant steps can be taken to address the stress inducing circumstances.
1st step some of the more common signs of stress are nervousness, withdrawal, constant tiredness, frequent headaches, increased use of [alcohol]( smoking and other unhealthy habits, an unexpected loss or increase in the diet intake or body weight, restless sleep and irrational emotional outbursts and behaviour patterns.
[for more](
does anybody else get this feeling from stress like you're not in control of your own body in any way?
like you can't think critically, or sometimes at all.
your motions are like jelly, and even when you get control, you're super uncoordinated or a clumsy.
in social situations, you feel more like a passenger for your own body who has no idea what to say or do but still has the capacity to be angry at yourself for not saying anything or doing something.
it's like this self-awareness that stops short of allowing me to do anything.
i have a lot of stressors in my life, and i can't help but think they've burnt me out so much so that i've become subject to these things.
i've been told before to prioritize or to take on less things as a solution, but to me that's synonymous with settling on being capable of less than i thought i'm capable of.
how do people function with high stress?
how do you groom yourself to do that?
i've lived like this for so many years and thought it would just come with experience, but now it just feel harder than its ever been
what works for me is writing on my gratitude journal i take a moment in the morning and night to write about my day... and it helps me to reduce stress, see the good things in my life and keep a positive mindset.
the journal has pretty nice stuff like prompts and activities, weekly goals, monthly planner so i like it a lot.
we are seeking study participants interested in participating in the clinically validated online mindfulness-based cognitive therapy (mbct) intervention be mindful.
multiple studies have shown that this four-week online intervention can reduce depressive symptoms, perceived stress, and anxiety symptoms.
participation in this entirely-online study will allow you access to the be mindful materials for free.
we are seeking individuals ages 18-65 currently experiencing some emotional distress who have experienced significant symptoms of depression in the past.
 if you are interested in learning more about our study, please email us at drtlab.ub@gmail.com.
you must live in new york state to participate in this study.
i'm so stressed more than normal.
i'm still in the grieving process since july 2019 when my papaw died.
he was like my dad.
now fast fwd to now my grandma is selling her house because her dr stated she doesn't need to be living by herself.
i can't live with her because i have my own family and my apt is not big enough for her and she wouldn't be able to handle my kids all the time.
plus she's starting to get frail (my grandma is super strong and looks 20 years younger than her age of 75).
so she's going to live with my aunt in iowa and she's all i got.
my sister barely talks to me because of other choices and my medical condition (epilepsy) so i don't get to see my niece and nephew very often.
i don't speak to my mother, stepfather if you want to call him that and my brother for other personal reasons.
so i feel like i'm being left alone even though i have my 3 kids and fiancée.
i see her everyday and talk to her everyday my kids get dropped off there after school and we go see her.
i feel like i'm just losing her like i did papaw and then when she passes i'm going to lose her again.
i'm extremely sad.
yes i'm depressive and on medication but medication can't help block all emotions that are happening in short periods of time.
i can't talk to a therapist face to face because they won't be back in the office till july and i can't talk to them through zoom or on the phone because i need someone there to call me out when i try to hold things back.
plus before this i constantly stay stressed and my anxiety meds just put me to sleep.
i don't want to be this stressed out all the time.
just needed to talk.
since working as a truck driver i’ve gained 30 pounds and have become super depressed and anxious.
i’m quitting and never going back.
whispers of time and space - on apple music on spotify on youtube music the 2nd album is space music for hearts full of sadness - on apple music on spotify youtube music
hello,i am the creator of breathing app called asmi.
asmi helps in providing relief from stress, anxiety and insomnia by using different breathing techniques.
the root of these breathing techniques is from yoga and specifically called pranayama.
we strongly believe that these breathing techniques knowledge should be available to all humans and should be shared in a way that is easy to understand and adopt.
android: [ios: [i hope you guys like the app and are able to enjoy the benefits.
we believe as a strong community we can support each other and beat stress and anxiety.
lastly, india is going through the worst medical crisis in the second covid wave this year.
i will request you all to keep up in your prayers.
new yorkers: are you feeling worried, sad, anxious, or depressed?
teachers college, columbia university is offering no-cost telehealth therapy as part of a research study for individuals across new york state that are struggling with emotional distress during the covid-19 pandemic.
if you are an adult between the ages of 18-65, you may be eligible to receive this innovative treatment from specially trained clinicians.
eligible participants will be compensated for brief questionnaires before and after therapy.
between therapy sessions, participants will be invited to utilize a novel internet- and mobile-based platform to supplement treatment.
for more information and to fill out a pre-screen questionnaire, please visit:
it actually helps my mental health.
this is what i've been watching[&amp;#x200b;
me trying to figure out if i’m more happy at my home that can be toxic most of the time or my university that i’m not really happy at.
i've been asked to do a survey on stress by my school.
i'd appreciate if you took the time to answer!
thanks!
hi stress final exam period.
i cannot exercise, i am physically unwell.
i need help reducing and controlling stress levels.
what i do to reduce stress, draw a little, take deep breaths, go for walks, lay down and think.
anything else, i can do?
 [
i'm only a 3rd year grad student and from now itself i'm getting very anxious and stressed about my career and life, i often feel people are constantly blaming me and i don't feel heard at all.
any advice  that might help me?
hi, just wanted to ask if stress can cause many many weird physical symptoms?
all started when my taste and smell senses decreased a lot for a few weeks, took 3 covid tests and all negative.
during the same time my right arm started to hurt, then my right leg and some time later my whole right side of body went numb (not like paralized numb but skin feels numb and tight).
i also have buzzing in my arm and leg and my fingers feel stiff (a few days ago my little toe in right leg went numb too - like really can’t move it).
and my jaw hurts a lot on the right side - that jaw thing has been going of for the last year, dentists say nothing is wrong.
i noticed that i clenched my teeth sometimes so thought that maybe i am just so stressed and this is the outcome.
but right now i don’t clench my teeth but my jaw pain is still back (with all these new symptoms).
anyway i have been to my doctor and neurologist and right now i am waiting for mris (neuro wants to eliminate ms).
when this all first started i didn’t feel more stressed or anything but now of course i am stressed.
i feel kinda fine some days and then the other days (like today) my arm and leg are in so much pain (i think nerve pain, my skin feels very sensitive and almost painful to touch too) and i just feel so weak and tired and only want to stay in bed and feel like i want to cry.
so i guess my question is that could all these symptoms be because of stress or anxiety?
my neuro seems nice but all the other doctors seemed to think and said that “maybe you are just stressed”.
of course i don’t want to get diagnose like ms from my neuro but at the same time i really would not want to believe that just stress could cause these kind of symptoms.
have anyone had similar physical symptoms and turned out it was just stress or anxiety?
could stress really make me be physically in pain or numb like this?
has anyone dealt with daily head pressure from stress/anxiety that has lasted many months 24/7 and it does not respond to over the counter medication?
since october of last year i have been dealing with head pressure, brain fog, lightheadedness, faint feeling, pressure behind eyes etc that has limited me to basically doing nothing every day due to feeling out of it.
i have went to neurologist, ent, eye doctor, hospital twice, gotten lab work such as ct, mri, mra, and mrv of the brain and every scan is clear and every doctor can't find anything.
these symptoms all came on during an insanely stressful time at the end of last year due to covid and more.
since they have on, they are 24/7 all the time and nothing has touched them or calmed them even slightly.
nothing makes the symptoms better or worse.
is it possible that my head is just in a viscous cycle where it is constantly tense or in fight/flight and it's just stick in this terrible loop causing these symptoms all the time.
i feel as if the anxiety comes from feeling these symptoms but maybe it is causing them and it's a viscous cycle that's just on autopilot subconsciously.
has anyone dealt with this and if so, what has helped you?
what is the best anxiety medication for this?
would benzo's for a short period under care of a psychiatrist help break this cycle?
any help is appreciated..
i’m leaving for army reserve training for 6.5-7months in late july.
i’m fresh out of high school and i’ve never been away from home or my family.
it’s causing me a great bit of stress and i’m looking for ways to handle it.
i have an amazing life and girlfriend at home and i’m trying to get into the right mindset.
any tips?
hey guy !
i have these very disturbing on going battle with health anxiety and i want to share my symptoms and my on going struggle with you all i hope you guys can relate ,feel free to reply :) note :- i have gone to 15 doctors (neurologist, gastroenterologist ,tons of gps )  in 2 months  now all of them prescribed me anti depressants lol i even went to  gynaecologist dont ask me why but my silly ass did i'm a medicine student and these symtoms terrifies the soul out of me .
1) muscle twitches  in my arms or somethings chest or in legs/feet that makes me think i have als.
2)burning sansation on my left  arm that makes me think i have ms or having a heart attack (rare but happens)3)weird head pressure thats not like full pressure but it is there and a constant sansation of dizziness like not actual dizziness but i can feel it, tension headache mild that makes me think i have brain tumour.
4)sensitive skin turns red even after a tiny scratch that makes me think i have skin cancer 5) my vision seems weird like everything is shaking even tho i wear glasses and have gone to the eye doctor and everything seems normal ,blame it on anxiety that makes me think im suffering from internal bleeding in my brain.
6)legs feel weak even tho i can run run, walk,   jump do normal stuff but still the sensation and physical discomfort of it ruins my day that makes me think i have cfs.
7)muscle stiffness /or joint discomfort in my thigh or in legs sometimes in arms that makes me think i have some kind of arthritis.
8)cold feeling in forehead  that makes me think blood supply to my brain is insufficient 9)internal vibration  not visible on the outside but i can feel it in the inside , mostly in the head and arms and sometimes in all body ,mostly when i wake up or im about to sleep or in the middle of the day  again makes me think i have some kind of a neurological disorder.
10)heart palpitations 11)hot flashes 12)feeling of being on a boat in a storm13)ringing in ears  ( gone to ent did get checked out everything seems fine)14)fatigue ( my cbc was normal)15)panic attacks16)depersnalization 17)vivid dreams almost every night sometimes they are horrible and quite intimidating to say atleast 18) zero interst in any thing ,i cant even play video games now which were my favourite thing to do .
19)always on the edge feeling like im dieing or having a stroke 20)emotional breakdown due to all the symptoms i've stated  doctor put me on ssris and i went cold turkey suffered the withdrawals and now these sensation make me wonna kill myself .
i feel like im dieing if anyone  can relate please reply .
hello everyone, i'm having a huge stress for about 9 months and it grows bigger everyday and i can't control it.
i'm becoming worse by the time passes, i can't think, remember, focus, relax.
i want to solve this problem but i can't get out of this situation and i'm about to explode.
i have 2 weeks to work on a lot of responsibilities but i don't have any strength in myself anymore.
when i have time in my hands i can't work anything neither i can have fun by doing my favourite activities.
it stops me living in the time, i literally can't do anything because i can't think anymore.
otherwise i don't feel i'm under heavy pressure, i became so numb.
also i'm suspicious of vitamin deficiency.
i want to hear from your experiences, thanks.
[&amp;#x200b;everyone please watch this video..this professor is amazing and shares really good info on stress and anxiety..if it has been shared already, still watch it again,..
i’ve always struggled to fall asleep so i’m wondering if quality sleep will help my stress response and mood?
lmao i've been procrastinating to do my school projects and all i can hear is the notification of my schoolbook for a next project 😀
hey everyone, this is my first post here and i was hoping i could get some advice on how i could go about handling this problemi experience some symptoms of stress without feeling stressed at all.
i grind my teeth very badly when i sleep, to the point of wearing through several mouthguards and needing a dentist-grade splint to keep my teeth safe.
if anyone could provide any input on how i can lower stress, it would be greatly appreciated
so i've had uncomfortable physiological responses while studying/taking a test for a while now.
things like palpitation, flushed face, etc.
and it was prolonged for the entire semester.
not sure if that counts as significant/chronic emotional stress.
any idea?
hello, i have been posting for nearly 7 months about the same ongoing symptoms and after all my doctors visits, scans, hospital visits, i still don't have an answer.
the symptoms i have are 24/7 and started in october of 2020 after i got my top wisdom teeth removed.
i was not sedated or put to sleep as they were not impacted.
this was also a very very stressful time due to covid, losing my job, being on awful unemployment etc.
since this time i have had 24/7 head pressure felt mainly in the top back of my head.
if i wiggle/lift my ears or raise my eyebrows i feel the pressure originating from this top back crown area but my whole head feels heavy all the time.
nothing makes it worse/better.
along with this comes horrible brain fog and lightheadedness.
i constantly feel spacey/woozy kind of like i'm outside my body or off in gravity.
i have recently noticed that the more active i try to be (when i try to workout) the more spacier and off i feel.
it's not that i'm going to fall but moreso my space in gravity is just off.
my vision is also blurry when looking at a computer screen or tv or just in general, like if i have to fill out papers my vision is blurry and off.
my vision feels like it's constantly spazzing, like nothing is sharp.
i am unable to drive especially when there are many lanes as i feel in a fog and can't accurately pick up a lot of scenery.
i also cannot go into stores because the scenery makes me lightheaded when theirs a lot going on.
i also feel pressure behind my eyes which makes my eyes tired.
my anxiety has been very high from these symptoms and if i start to panic everything gets worse.
i have been having weird anxiety riddled dreams as well as these symptoms have been here 24/7 for nearly 7 months and no doctor has a clue.
i have gotten mri, mra, mrv, ct scan.
i have been to 3 neurologists, 2 ent, emergency room twice etc and nobody has any information on what this is or how to help.
i have tried nearly every over the counter medication and a few prescriptions which don't even knock this 1%, nothing helps at all.
i am currently in the process of going to a chiropractor looking into my atlas to see if their is something functionally off causing this.
i am seeing an atlas orthogonal chiropractor.
i saw a psychiatrist for about 1.5 months and tried lexapro for that amount of time and it didn’t do anything.
if anyone has any idea of what this is or anything that can help it's greatly appreciated.
thanks
 i am studying the effects of the pandemic on mental health and if it creates a greater need for "personal health" days.
i would greatly appreciate it if you could fill out this quick 3 response survey.
if you're interested in the results or just want to see the collected data lmk :)&amp;#x200b;[mental health survey](
hi there!
i am going to be hosting a free 2 weeks email program with my wife where we are going to be sharing the best tools we've found so far to get calmer and peaceful.
it's not a magic pill nor hoo hoo work.
you will need practice and time, but it will definitely be worth it.
the program starts on monday and you will be getting:\- yoga classes at whatever level you are.
\- a breathing technique that you will be able to use everyday but especially when things are going south.
\- a powerful meditation technique that will help you be more present   \- a telegram support group   \- ... and a couple of other tools.
if you are interested, go to this webpage and subscribe: [hope you all have a great today and always.
i’ve been working through a major life for the last few weeks (breaking up with a life partner - together 12 years and living together 5 of those).
on top of the personal stress of breaking up and moving during covid, my performance at work has been poor.
despite repeated attempts to correct bad behaviors with the support of my company and manager, my performance has not improved and i am experiencing nearly daily mental breakdowns and anxiety/panic attacks.
i am also not able to sleep for more than 3-4 fitful hours a night.
at this stage i strongly believe quitting will be to the benefit of everyone.
i won’t experience the intense stress and anxiety just the thought of logging on to my work station brings and my company can get someone in to do my role with more consistency and success than i.  i don’t have another job lined up but i am applying to other roles and have a few initial discussions lined up.
am i making the wrong decision in resigning from my current job effective immediately?
for the past 3 days i’ve been so sluggish and tired.
at work my body hurts like hell and it feels longer than it usually does.
i can barely finish my schoolwork which explains my failing grade in math.
i’ve been trying my hardest to get it up.
then at kickboxing i’ve been doing the bare minimum.
my energy just isn’t the same.
i do these things for 6 days a week everyday.
it’s pretty tiring but it’ll be over soon if i keep telling myself to keep going.
finals are in 2 weeks, and my kickboxing season should be over in 8 weeks.
i just need the motivation to keep going.
i’m writing on reddit instead of taking use of my homework time 😭😭.
hello everyone, i've been having anxiety attacks for a year and a month and most of the attacks were happened in last 3 months.
with covid pandemic, we couldn't go outside and a result of this was vitamin d3 deficiency for me.
i am 16 years old, male and i'm aware of what my age brings upon me.
i fought against myself for almost a year, got the blood results and sat very disappointed.
i knew myself very well and i'm not a person who gets affected by emotions so easily.
and i didn't have anything can hit me to ground.
just nothing.
i knew it was a biological thing but with these circumstances i couldn't get any help.
i want to describe myself,my problems and the help i want to have from you.
i'm a very thinking person, have so much opinions, knowledge on many things.
i love philosophy and music.
these two things are my favourite in my life.
sadly, i can't even remember myself, thoughts, artists i love, songs i live with, past i had lived and so on.
i've been having these compliments since february 2020; can't remember things, can't think about anything, can't concentrate, always feeling tired and the list goes on.
long story short, i kinda have a fog on my brain (i thought about this when i was new to these).
i always found a solution for my problems and never disappointed myself but i can't get out of this anymore.
i fought back with this 6 times maybe and i don't have any morale to stand up for one more time.
i can't express myself anymore; my school, relationships, inner peace is getting effected heavily everyday.
i'm losing my abilities, my skills are diminishing, my creativity is fading away.
i can't listen to music anymore, can't find a purpose, can't use my time efficiently anymore.
my vitamin d3 results are on the floor.
the low vitamin limit is 20 mg/l and mine is 5.4 mg/l.
i started taking 3.000 iu daily supplement for almost 2 months and i am a lot better than before but the psychological consequences are still upon me.
i talked with a friend of mine and they said you may have anxiety.
i agree with this, my last few months corrupted by it and depression.
i am not a depression person and know how to fight against but heavy stress from my school is blocking my way out and i feel hopeless.
i'm afraid of losing my thoughts, my mind, my personality, everything i love and care, interest in my hobies.
i read that vitamin d is the background of these diseases.
also i'm having sleep problems for months, this is a factor too.
please enlighten me if you know about this and had experiences.
thanks.
i'm sorry if i used english bad, complicated.
i'm in a very tough situation while writing this, please understand me, i can't even write things in my mind i'm so sorry about this.
i am in a user experience design program and developing an application for stress management to be used by life coaches with their clients.
if you can help me by answering this survey it will really help my project, help me get a job, and also increase my own understanding of stress in my life.
thank you for your time and i hope it is okay to post this here.
i did not see any rules against it.
\\\[survey](\\\
hi, i’m an indian citizen and as those who keep a tab on world news would know, we’re going through a devastating second wave in india at the moment.
our government is highly incompetent, and is led by people who led pogroms against minorities.
their lack of empathy is our there, where our people (not the the poorest ones but especially them) are dying without oxygen.
our government did not plan in one whole year, and now we have no vacant hospital beds, no icu beds, no ventilators in the national capital and other states.
basics such as oxygen cylinders are a struggle to purchase, and thousands are dying each day, among which a lot of deaths are those that could’ve been avoided.
people are asking for help on twitter and instagram while there is no centralised helpline till now in world’s “largest democracy”.
so, of course, all of this is highly stressful.
one worries not just about their own selves and families, but such a devastating state of affairs takes a toll in a lot of ways.
i can only understand in part what war torn countries go through.
however, i do have the privilege of staying indoors (and help in whatever capacity i can through my social media).
in addition to this, my lover moved countries right before this started happening, so that it also troubling at a personal level.
i am writing here to seek help from all of you on how to cope with this.
i have been struggling with work-life balance and productivity for the longest time.
and at work, i decided to write an article about work-life balance.
i spoke with professionals about their tips and i hope these tips could help you all achieve a healthier work life balance.
[tips to achieve a healthier work life balance ](
every time someone asks me about what is currently stressing me out i get hives and every time i think about the problems i get new tiny rashes.
the rashes are scattered all over my body and they're starting to hurt.
has anyone had this problem before and if so what did you do to resolve it?
any replies are greatly appreciated.
bit of a rant - just wanted to know if anyone else felt the same (excuse the word vomit, i've been up since 6:30 am for an exam).
it's finals week and anxiety/stress is at an all time consistent high.
on top of that, our family puppy has been great but i think my school anxiety has trickled in to me worrying over him more than i should, and i constantly get overwhelmed with all the things i have to get done.
i can't even enjoy food because i am always thinking too much and get caught up in the stress of school.
i literally was eating and saw my puppy sleeping, and i immediately said "wow he's depressed isn't he" when he's just sleeping.
i went out to get food, totally fine, no problem.
as soon as i got home it hit me again with all the stuff i have to do.
the pandemic has 1000% affected my mental health especially recently, where i don't get any enjoyment of stuff at home because i am always in front of a damn computer screen.
i used to see home as a place to leave behind stress from school, and now i see home as the place where i do everything and there's no distinction between relaxing and school.
but - the one thing i can hold onto is that it is going to pass.
all of this is going to pass at some point, the brain is just rewiring itself because of the situation happening globally.
it's going to be okay, the only way to eat an elephant is one bite at a time.
if this spoke to anyone out there, feel free to let me know how you're feeling.
how are you coping?
\\and if there's any puppy pros in the crowd, please let me know what you did to help release some of that feeling of wanting constantly to helicopter over them during times of stress.
when i feel relieved, i don't feel any need to check on him constantly or obsess over little things around the house, just when i am overwhelmed; and then, i don't get anything productive done anyways.
i always remind myself i am not alone - and neither are you.
even talking to strangers about it can be soothing in a way, just a little reminder that there's someone else out there in your boat during such a difficult time.
my counselor said to normalize what is normal during an abnormal time period.
and also, don't forget to tell your pets you love them.
hey guys, i've started stuttering basically out of the blue a year ago at 22 years of age... i don't really know the cause of it, it could be drugs, medications i take (valium and sulpiride), could also be major traumatic events i've experienced throughout my life..basically it started as i know one day when i was out with my mom and my sister.
that day i've experienced severe depersonalization and remember when we were talking about something, it was my turn to talk but at the first word of the sentence i startet to repeat the first letter over and over again and just stopped talking.. we were just sitting there silently embarrassed about what had just happened lol..i do remember a month ago before this event when i was taking speed (amphetamine) i just had a mild stutter at a sentence once a week and didn't think anything of it.. anyways, from that event with my mom and sister i kind of developed a fear of stuttering and started to research stuttering and it just became worse...it kind of became a habit to stutter as always before speaking to anyone i would think of how not to stutter and of course it worked the opposite as you all know..most people don't even know i stutter because i hide it pretty well, i would stop before a stutter and kinda pretend i'm thinking or jus say "umm" and try to find the right word i would not stutter on.. i've also asked my mom if i've ever stuttered as a child, she said that i didn't.. so i think that developemental stuttering is out of the picture.. and also no one in my family had any kind of speech disorder..i really don't know what to do with this, i'm constantly stressing myself out.. i've said to myself that i would never go to a speech specialist because i would think about my stutter even more, i just try to forget about it.. and it sometimes works when i'm happy or preoccupied with something that i don't have time to think about my speech.. i'm also scared shittless of going to a neurologist because i'm a bit of a hypochondriac lol.. and the fact that i've started to forget things, words, sometimes i can't understand a sentence and have to read it 10 times to even try to understand it, but it happens very rarely.. all of rhis could be because of the medication or sever stress.. i really don't know.. so basically i'm asking you guys if you ever had a similar experience, or if you know anyone who experienced something like this.. it could also be that i'm so fucked up mentally that i've just imagined my stutter and the fear of it keeps it alive lol
so i'm really not a depressed person at all, probably more the opposite, but when i am in a really stressful situation at work (especially when i mess something up) i honestly feel like killing myself.
i wouldn't do it because i have a wife and kids, but can anyone relate to this feeling?
it's especially strong when i feel like i'm not good at my job.
hi all, i hope you are well.
i had a crazy amount of stress/trauma last year convincing myself i had cancer.
this chronic stress lasted from april 2020 until january 2021.i now have crazy nausea everyday and my digestion is all over the place.
can stress have such an impact?
alright, so let me get this straight.
i often find myself getting overwhelmed by the least amount of homework and i’m only in grade 12. for example, i get 2 sheets of homework and i often find myself breaking down and just giving up, even though i never felt like this before.
i just get overwhelmed break down for no apparent reason.
even when i’m free, i don’t really feel free.
what is going on, does anybody know or can help me?
anyone get sometimes heart flutters ?
i always get worried .
but have been checked out by cardiologists
 new yorkers: are you feeling worried, sad, anxious, or depressed?
teachers college, columbia university is offering no-cost telehealth therapy as part of a research study for individuals across new york state that are struggling with emotional distress during the covid-19 pandemic.
if you are an adult between the ages of 18-65, you may be eligible to receive this innovative treatment from specially trained clinicians.
eligible participants will be compensated for brief questionnaires before and after therapy.
between therapy sessions, participants will be invited to utilize a novel internet- and mobile-based platform to supplement treatment.
for more information and to fill out a pre-screen questionnaire, please visit:
i am a healthcare worker and i only moved to my current city last year.
i don't have many friends here aside from work friends and a couple friends i met through my boyfriend.
lately, i have felt an overwhelming sense of anxiety and stress.
it seems like everyone around me does not care anymore that there is a pandemic going on.
with this back and forth of restrictions and uncertainties, many people seem to just be so sick of it and have started to ignore the restrictions and hanging out as normal.
working in healthcare, especially as a frontline worker, i have a hard time doing that.
i certainly don't want to be the person to be a super spreader since i work at multiple sites.
they typically have gatherings that involve drinking and ending up indoors.
i feel like such a prude for wanting to follow the guidelines and just have outdoor gatherings so i don't end up going.
i wish i had some friends who are still taking precautions.
i understand that it seems like the light at the end of the tunnel seems to be just a glimmer these days but if people stop caring now, won't that just drag things out??
it's not fair that this just prolongs the suffering for those who are actually being careful.
feeling overwhelmingly alone in this lately.
hello fellow redditors i’m building an e-commerce ebook site, come by and browse around — get yourself a free book on me using code givebooks at checkout.
i’d recommend “5 ways to eliminate stress”happy reading &amp; have yourself a stress free day!
-felixgetsmartebooks.com
(background; my actual car is a manual and it got reversed into the other day so driving an automatic hire car)last night i was driving with my girlfriend back to her house and i felt a bit sick in the stomach and was just sitting in silence, i was in my own world stressing about my car and life in general - i was driving at about 80-90km/h and for the first time ever i mistakenly thought i was still in my own car and as something went into my eye i went to downshift so i could keep a bit of control and speed whilst i fix my eye and i hit the break with my left foot.
in the 1 second it took to process everything and think about everything that was going on and as i was going to take my foot off the break the car that was behind me smashed into us and caused a 4 car accident.
yes, it was a very honest mistake, it was the first time it’s ever happened and i thank god no one was seriously hurt.
the car behind me seemed too close but i just can’t help being depressed about the whole situation; if i would’ve stopped at a service station earlier or been in a different lane would it still have happened?
am i the one at fault because i made that small mistake?
why did it have to happen when my girlfriend was in the car with me?
just why?
i feel like everyone has the right to push me down and say i’m in the wrong and i feel everyone should criticise me and make me feel like the piece of trash i am.
people keep saying accidents happen and sometimes god puts us through things we don’t understand and that they’ve done the same thing too when driving an automatic but i can’t help but feel like they’re just taking pity on me and don’t want me to feel bad when i should.
tldr; was the front car in an accident and i don’t think i’m at fault but can’t help but feel like i am.
just need some help on how to stop stressing and feeling like this.
anyone heart ever like “jiggle “ or gets super high from drinking coffee ?
as posted a few nights ago i woke up middle night having a panic attack .
can panic attacks last hours ?
lasted from 12-3:30 .
had to take more xanax than i usually do .
heart was racing whole time
i guess this is a vent of sorts.
i just feel the need to express just how stressed out i get the day before my next shift starts.
it’s early a.m.
and i should have been asleep hours ago but i’m stressing.
i’d quit this job in a minute if i had another one to go to but given the pandemic and other roadblocks, that possibility is is pretty small.
i want more than anything to move back home but i’m stuck and that only adds to the stress.
i have an amazing memory and can think on my feet in most situations.
until i'm late for something (appointment, meet a friend, a date once).
then i don't remember anything.
i'll even go the wrong directions out of habit and not catch it for 10 or even 20 minutes.
occasionally when people are mad at me i'll often not remember anything, like if a problem happens i don't even remember that i took steps to avoid it and think it's completely my fault when it was an accident or someone elses mistakes, even when i mention those steps in writing.
i hate not being able to remember things when i'm stressed.
i sometimes won't even remember facts until a day or two later if it was stressful enough.
is there something i can do?
as the earth rotates daily on its axis, every morning the sun brings light to the darkness, warmth and comfort to the chill of night, photo synthesis to plants, and security to humans.
it's for this reason that as far back as 14,000 8.c.e., adoration of the sun has been sketched onto stone tablets and cave walls.
countless mythologies (including civilizations in ancient egypt and mesopotamia, the mayans and the aztecs, and the australian aborigines, to name just a few) have extolled the sun as worthy of worship, as well as a source of enlightenment, illumination, and wisdom.
while the sun may be almost 93 million miles away, when it becomes active it has significant consequences to life on earth because the earth and the sun are related by electromagnetic fields.
on a grand scale, it is impossible to deny the interconnectivity between the sun's energy, the earth's energy, and the energy of all living species.
on a micro level, all you have to do is look at the life cycle of a fruit or vegetable to understand this interdependence.
consciously absorbing that energy to combine with your own spiritual energy has tremendous benefits for your astral body, physical health and much more.
your spiritual energy goes under many different names like spiritual chills, euphoria, voluntary goosebumps, ecstasy, prana, chi, qi, vayus, aura, mana, life force, pitī, rapture, ruah, ether, nephesch, chills, frissons, the force and many more.
here's a 3 minute [youtube video]( expanding more on the benefits and how to, actually absorb the energy from the sun, through your own self-induced voluntary goosebumps from positive events/thoughts/memories/feelings.
no, it is not a tumour, i have had mris, eegs etc.
so essentially, i struggle to find the words that i want to say.
i often stutter, and repeat a few words like 2-3 times every now and then.
this is over the last few years (currently 23).
i find there are days where my head is completely clear, and i feel like my head is clear of all clutter and can find every word i want to say.
looking back on these days, i find that i have been surrounded by people i love and am comfortable with.
where i feel accepted.
so i do not struggle to say things and can speak freely.
the next day i tend to feel amazing and can speak freely as well.
the following days, it reverts back to the same tension and struggle to find words.
it would appear that it might be related to me not feeling accepted anywhere?
or not feeling confident?
i am hoping someone has experienced this and knows of any exercises that can relieve this tension and allow me to think and speak freely.
(i eat well, meditate, exercise, have a lovely family, lovely relationship, i do see a neurologist for other reasons and yes i am aware that this could be related but i want to explore simple stress techniques as well, so please please please if you can, just provided some exercises that may help)thank you guys so much.
hey reddit.
i have a stupid idea but i might go for it.
i'm gonna offer my ex money.
i can afford it, and maybe it could help him in his situation.
because of his situation, he is considering suicide - at least if you can trust his latest post on this page.
we just broke up and it was a bad breakup.
i decided i would cut him off completely and not reply no matter what.
he did some efforts to reach me and i ignored him for 3 days.
last night he messaged me saying that i could talk to him if i needed to, and i replied today (because of my intentions.)
i decided to drop my ego but i'm stressed out waiting for a reply because my gut feeling says that he won't reply, as a payback.
now i don't even know if  his suicide plan is real but it worries me a lot.
it could be a dirty trick to get my attention or he just meant to say goodbye for the last time.
i don't know for real, that also stresses me out.
thinking about him makes me feel extremly bad.
contacting him feels completely wrong, but the reason i even wanna give him these money is because i care about him, i did promise to help him out and also that i want to be a good person that keeps her promises.
hi reddit, i have come to a point where my brain is full of negative self talk.
i feel stressed and anxious towards life.
im 18 and in 2 months i have a huge and very difficult exam that seems to be "defining my life from now on".
i feel like im doing everything wrong and i cant find peace.
i still dont know what do to with my life and recently i have gone through some very scary life events...had a very very bad pregnancy scare, got sick, my family has covid, i had bad grades and my mom also wants to get away and live alone...which i agree with her i just feel like im getting shot from multiple directions at the same time and i dont know how to handle my life anymore.
i keep focusing on what i did wrong and i cant stop thinking about it and procastinating  punishing myself for every wrong step.
i need advice.
thank you for reading this far, have a great day.
 overthinking kills both externally and internally , don't think too much .
leave your all thought aside and take deep breath and make your mind free of everything.
“it's a good idea always to do something relaxing prior to making an important decision in your life.”– paulo coelhofollow me for more quotes
my heart rate been 120 i think i’m having a bad bout of anxiety .
how long does your high heart rate last for ?
mine has been hoursalso whenever i move or turn it races
work is such a huge stress in my life.
i am a recent cancer survivor (2017) and work is still worse.
why do i care so much?
my very kind boss gave me two days off and i still can not turn off my brain.
i am looking for a new position.
i have to fin something better.
got checked by so many cardiologist.
i had one drink 4 hours ago but my heart has been racing all night i took xanax which usually calms it down but i didn’t .
idk what to doedit : usually .5 of my xanax would help me but i had to take 2 and 1/2 of them within a couple hours to relax .
if you are really anxious does it take more xanax to help you calm down ?
hi everyone, for the last few weeks i’ve been feeling very off:i feel like i’m living in a dream, like almost drunk but not quite drunk.
like i’m disconnected and out of it.
i feel like i’m living behind a glass, no quite “in my life”i’ve been having pressure around the back of my neck, the back of my head, (not a headache just pressure) and i sometimes feel like my eyes are being pushed too.
i had blood work done, and everything seems fine, i had a negative covid test twice, antibody test for covid came out negative... checked for lyme disease, heavy metals, and other common things but everything keeps coming back negative.
at this point i’m wondering if this is related to anxiety/stress.
in the last year, like most of us i’m sure, i’ve been dealing with lots of emotional ups and downs, i suffered from my first panicked attack las summer but things improved a bit after that so didn’t have to take any medication or continue with a therapist.
my logical brain wants to tell me that symptoms like the described above are no way related to anxiety disorders or chronic stress but i’m desperate to understand what’s happening to me.
could you please share if you have ever felt this way and your experiences or knowledge?
i’m waiting for another doctors appointment on monday but for the meantime i’m trying to calm down because at this point i’m thinking it could be something seriously wrong with my brain (like a tumor or infection)thanks so much for you help!
o k the title is long but how should i help with my stress it might also be being fully remote or the fact i haven’t been getting good grades or maybe it’s when i have to hike and on the way i have to listen to music i don’t like for a few hours straight ok i’m being dramatic it’s not big of a deal it’s just headaches from loud music i don’t like and bad grades.
and feeling guilty for things that aren’t my fault do any of you know why that is?
i recently got covid and while i recovered, along with the stress from work, i realized that i can’t seem to find a healthy way of managing stress, making the continuous build up turn into anxiety attacks.
along with all the above i’m also trying to quit smoking and my bad stress management seems to make things harder in that department too.
can you provide me with some tips in order to build a healthy relationship with my stress and anxiety?
will a hobby like drawing help in that situation?
hi everyone!
here's a guided [video]( of a stress-relieving meditation called alternate nostril breathing for anyone who's interested.
the instructor is a german doctor who got certified to teach yoga in nepal and figured we'd make a video.
hope you enjoy :)
for some reason for last night and tonight going to sleep has had me very anxious.
i literally cried both nights.
it is currently 2:51am and i have school.
the only thing that calms me down is youtube but even then it’s hard for me to sleep.
if you can help with this problem i would be super happy for your help.
thank you for reading especially if you commented or are going comment help
i feel like my mind is actually breaking.
i feel like i can feel literal cracks on my brain.
it's painful.
constant headache.
stiffness in the neck.
hard to speak.
hard to think.
my job is completely stressful.
when i'm there i'm constantly looking at my computer screen doing work.
if not one thing then 3 different things at once.
i don't take breaks outside of lunch.
i feel like everyone at my office hates me.
they think i'm "boring".
no.
i'm just the only one in the office who doesn't have anyone friends, relationships, or fun outside of the office.
i don't have a lot of fun and exciting experiences in life so i literally have nothing to talk about.
i"m judged negatively for this everyday.
i beat me self up for this everyday.
its like i'm being jumped by a bunch of bullies and i'm the worst one.
support doesn't exist.
i live with people i don't talk to at all.
no love.
i'm unattractive to everyone.
i feel like people are just mannequins waiting to tell me that i need to do more or i haven't done enough....they want me to go out and experience things they don't want to be a part of.
it's like if you don't want to be a part of my life then don't "help" me.
you are a person too.
i'm looking at you too.
i'm trying to talk to you too.
i'm trying to build a relationship with you too.
everyone acts like you.
everyone wants to "help" me like you.
everyone wants to push me away like you.
none of you are different.
that's why i don't talk.
no one is different.
no one wants to build anything with me.
everyone expects my life to already be built so i can entertain them from a distance.
i want love.
i want friends.
i want a girlfriend.
i want to have fun times with people who want to have fun times with me.
life's not worth living otherwise.
 new yorkers: are you feeling worried, sad, anxious, or depressed?
teachers college, columbia university is offering no-cost telehealth therapy as part of a research study for individuals across new york state that are struggling with emotional distress during the covid-19 pandemic.
if you are an adult between the ages of 18-65, you may be eligible to receive this innovative treatment from specially trained clinicians.
eligible participants will be compensated for brief questionnaires before and after therapy.
between therapy sessions, participants will be invited to utilize a novel internet- and mobile-based platform to supplement treatment.
for more information and to fill out a pre-screen questionnaire, please visit:
anyone get high heart rate , sharp chest pains , ear ringing ?
from being anxious ?
hello,i am conducting a survey as part of my degree in psychology at the university of derby to evaluate the impact of green spaces on mental health.
specifically, this study aims at analysing the effect of the number of visits, awareness levels while in green spaces and the type of greenspace visited on stress levels.
accordingly, i am seeking your participation in the study.
the survey is expected to take about 5 minutes.
it will present certain questions about your visits to greenspaces over the last month and some other questions related to your general stress levels during that period.
your participation will be a valuable addition to our research and findings and could lead to a better understanding of the impact of green spaces on mental health.
here's the link to the survey: [
lo-fi study (relaxing beats in lo-fi scale)- [childish gambino playlist- [frank ocean playlist- [powerful female vocals (female acoustic and pop with powerhouse voices)- [blonded radio (alternative rnb and relaxation music)- [house music for you ravers!- [
i'm not a newbie, i've been at this company for more than three years so i know what my job is.
but for the past couple of months i've been anxious at the start of my shift and as i progress (by midday) i feel stress on my right shoulder or trap.
this always happens daily and i feel that i'm not the most stressed only when its my rest day.
so i tend to get more done during those days compared to my normal days on shift.
hoping that folks could share insights or help me out with techniques to improve when i am on shift.
thank you.
hello everyone i'm psychology student in amsterdam and we need a lot of participants being university students between 18-25 years old.
we are currently studying the relationship between stress and mindfulness and whether there are any gender differences ;)here you can access the link, thanks a lot guys!
:))[
in 2018 problems arise in my marriage.
in 2019 we divorced.
she left me for her manager.
in addition chronic caffeine addiction from 2018 till now and 6 months alcolism.
currently my conscious mind is happg, positive and confident in the future.
but my subconscious mind and nervous system is still completely burnt.
it really holds me back because i still have major sleeping problems.
but the rage and anger in my mind and body is still very present.
how do i deal with this.
i am so done with this.
if i wake up i can't sleep any more and start sweating.
doesn't matter whether is sleep 2 or 5 hours.
hey everyone hope you’re doing ok.
i’m so stressed right now, i had college assignments and let them stack up because i kept thinking “i’ll do it later!” now i have two months or less to complete 5 assignments.
i thought i had one almost done but i lost the file and i realised i needed to redraw it to add more stuff.
i know what i need to do but don’t know how to start them, especially the essays.
i feel so stupid.
my mum said i should tell the teachers about my mental health problems and i think they would help but i’m ashamed.
i feel like the most unorganised person in the class and don’t want them to think i’m just coming out with excuses for being lazy or something.
i’m panicking and can’t think straight.
it’s like 10 at night right now and i’m exhausted and have college tomorrow but feel like i need to do everything right now.
can anyone please help me
i'm in college which is being held online.
i'm living with family.
for some reason, the admins decided to not give a spring break this semester (so we have no breaks), and cut the semester shorter by a week.
we're in the final weeks, and since the length is a week shorter, the professors are cramming 2 weeks worth of material in one.
it's been very stressful, since these topics are harder, and there have been more projects.
i haven't been able to swallow food for a while now.
i feel hungry, but when i try to swallow, i basically dry heave or even throw up if i swallow.
i've been to a hospital and done tests, and they didn't find any abnormalities with my body, so i'm assuming this is caused by stress.
this has never happened before, and i have lost a lot of weight because of this.
i only eat about 1 meal a day (eat a little for each meal).
i only have 2 weeks + 1 week of finals left, but i honestly feel like i can't focus on studying anymore.
whenever i try to do homework, i end up sitting there for hours, making only a little progress.
anti-anxiety medication isn't available in my country, and my parents don't believe in them anyway.
i really don't know any other solution.
any advice?
integrated health stress management!
mental health matters and tips to live healthier!
does anyone get sharp gas pains in their chest ?
i’m assuming that’s what it is i’ve been eating healthier and a lot of veggies .
got a full heart check up because my anxiety makes me think something is wrong .
but now whenever i gets pain in my chest i freak out
i have immersed myself into my career at the company i have been working with for 5 years this march.
i am in my mid 20's and in a position that everyone said i couldn't do when i was promoted.
the first 3 months were rough, but i learned from my mistakes and got comfortable and do my job well.
&amp;#x200b;the first year and a half in management i was always stressed, but i was not as overwhelmed as i am now, and i seemed to enjoy myself outside of work more.
i got to a point around the 2 year mark in management where i was super comfortable where i was and was working regular hours (45 hours a week or so).
when coronavirus hit, it was like our workflow increased, with less people to work, and more demand on us as managers.
i went through one of the hardest summers working with minimal help, doing more projects then ever.
follow this by hurricane sally, worked 60+ hours for a few weeks, customers constantly not being understanding of the situation and only making me feel like i was failing them, to no fault of my own.
the next few months my workload seemed to grow exponentially, but i was unable to focus and keep up with where i know i need to be.
i eventually go to the doctor and test for adhd and get prescribed adderall.
( i should add i was already taking adderall at times for a month or two prior because i could not focus at work whatsoever).
the adderall helped me more then i could've hoped, i was now as high functioning as i used to be and was knocking work out.
it has leveled out some now and i feel normal on it now but still get positive results out of it.
&amp;#x200b;now i am in the same boat as last spring, 40% of employees i need to keep up with workflow, certain material is hard to come by or non existent, constant weather issues, and customers just keep approving work.
i am working almost always 7 days a week.
i'm up by 445 and wont get home until 5 or 6 on average but i have a few days every week  i work till 7 or 8 to finish a job or get material.
i now even spent my money to setup an office at home so i could work in my free time just to try and catch up.
we are working skeleton crews, and seems there is no end in sight to the labor shortage.
a lot of the responsibilities i feel so overwhelmed and stressed by are ones i have taken on myself, because no one else was.
i have an ownership mentality and treat this business as it was my own.
&amp;#x200b;now that's the work part of it....i had an almost 5 year relationship with the girl i was in love with, that ended in me heartbroken and afraid to trust any one.
i kept to myself but talked to a few women here and there.
i found one, that i had any real connection with, and that ended as a failed relationship.
i fell more in love with this woman then i ever felt with my previous girlfriend, and was in a dark place when she left.
follow this by months of me feeling like i wasn't enough and no one i wanted, wanted me.
i have a handful of good friends, and a couple that are one of a kind.
but i always feel like i am bothering them, or just there to be there but i know this is me overthinking and all that.
i also rented a house with my "best friend" that has turned into a nightmare.
can't say anything without him getting defensive, no help around the yard or house, constantly taking advantage of me being nice.
he was also working with me and turned into a bum and was missing work constantly and always so negative to be around.
so add all that stress at work and come home to a house you hate the other person there and have to dread being home until he moves out.
the past two months have been the hardest i've ever dealt with mentally and physically.
i'm working 10-12 hours a day and coming home and putting proposals or schedules together.
i feel like i cant take a day off, much less a whole weekend.
its like we are batting against the odds and something goes wrong every week.
but we are also doing great and revenue out the wazoo.
all while working salary and not being compensated for the overtime.
i feel like im about to explode.
every day i feel like i'm about to have a meltdown and crash mentally.
my mental health seems to have  its days.
some are great, some are just days, and some days i just want to stop.
&amp;#x200b;how can i cope with all this stress that i take on myself and cant leave "at work".
i have three health problems that are all triggered or worsened by stress.
and predictably i have severe anxiety and basically everything stresses me out.
i have a high stress job, and three kids (2 of which have complicated health problems).
when reading about helping my health problems the literature always says reduce stress... but how?
how do i just stop stressing when it’s my first reaction all of the time?
i am 20 and trying to move out when i get the money.
i live with my mum and my younger sister who's 16. they dont tidy up after themselves and i consider myself someone who has to have things tidy to feel normal.
its got to the point where every single time i go downstairs its a mess and i either end up shouting and getting angry or crying.
i cant cope with having to constantly clean up after them and i know if i just stop itll build up and be messy.
nobody helps me.
just needed to vent because idk what advice to receive.
i'm sorry if my formatting isn't great, i'm writing this on a mobile.
i came home from food shopping around two hours ago and after a short period of time noticed that my dog, claude had chewed through the blind in the living room.
he hasn't been destructive in the short amount of time i've had him so it really threw me.
it may not seem like much, but i saved for a little while to get the blind and when i saw it i just broke down into sobs.
this isn't supposed to be a 'woe is me' post but something so small has sent me into a tailspin.
whenever i get stressed or something bad happens, (usually relating to money) my go to emotion is abject negativity.
not intentionally but all i saw is black and something minor can ruin my mood for the whole day, sometimes even days at a time.
i don't have any other coping mechanisms other than to completely shut down.
claude is a new addition to my home after i lost my two previous pups only three months apart.
i know he hasn't done it to upset me, dogs don't think or act that way but it hasn't stopped me from crying.
money is always so tight here and i just didn't need this right now.
so i'm writing my final assignment for uni after 4 years.
it's due in 2 days and i have 5000 words left to write.
i was diagnosed with covid just over 2 weeks ago which has left me really behind.
i'm still suffering with brain fog and anxiety from covid and i am finding this an impossible task.
i'm not someone who quits but i genuinely dont know how i will do this.
i cant concentrate at all on the paper and i dont know how i can keep going with it.
not sure why i'm writing this.
i guess i just need to have a moment to panic and stress.
it can pass through anything because it basically is the same frequency type that a radio transmitter puts out.
the frequency that you're transmitting from your brain is smaller, but, it has a unique characteristic, unlike radio frequencies.
which is that the frequency that your brain transmits can instantaneously travel faster than the speed of light and if transmitted can be picked up the exact same moment by another human brain on the opposite end of the planet.
(energy and frequency are the same.)
everything on planet earth emits a different frequency.
a frequency is also called a vibration.
it's also called energy.
it is quantifiable and it is measurable.
every atom emits a frequency.
your dna at the lowest level emits a unique frequency.
so your brain is a receiver and a transmitter a frequency.
that's the first concept and the second concept is the law of attraction.
which says, whatever frequency you emit, that exact same frequency is drawn to you.
there will be a magnetic pull.
and this is a scriptural principle.
for those of you who are christians, jewish, muslims, hindus or buddhists.
all these books teach very similar concepts.
what you sow, also you reap.
when you put out a frequency the law of attraction says it must come back.
law of attraction says by magnetic pull that has to bring that exact same frequency back.
which is based on whatever vibration you put out whatever frequency that your brain, emotions, body and electromagnetic field puts out.
it will attract and it will defy any physical law.
self-induced goosebumps, from positive stimulis, allows you to take 100% control of your transmitter by vibrating different parts of your body, and is also able to, as a gentle euphoric vibrating wave travels underneath your skin (sometimes cold and other times hot) vibrate your whole physical body.
when doing so, you consciously activate your physical and spiritual body to attract whatever intention, narrative, thought and emotions that are present whenconsciously summoning your self-induced goosebumps.
goosebumps is just the physical reaction, but underneath it, theres a real vibrating wave that can be looked at as energy.
i've found many names for this energy like spiritual chills, euphoria, voluntary goosebumps, ecstasy, prana, chi, qi, vayus, aura, mana, life force, pitī, rapture, ruah, ether, nephesch, chills, frissons, the force and many more.
if you would like to know how to activate at will, fully control your spiritual chills and how its an important ingredient to the law of attraction, here's a five minute video explaining just that.
[youtube video]( .
my husband and i of 25 years want to move to vancouver island.
his mom lives there and is not doing well.
our 23 year old daughter lives with us but she doesn't want to move with us.
we have decided to purchase a 5th wheel and live in it on the island.
we live in a 2800sq ft house and have to downsize.
we are drowning in debt because my husband hasn't worked much since the pandemic hit.
our bills are all behind including our rent by 4 months.
we are posting items to sell online, people just aren't buying anything!
we are waiting for the small business grant to come and he applied for the extra 20k loan from the government but hasn't heard anything about that either.
how is everyone getting by if they are self employed and haven't worked?
any ideas on how to post my stuff so people will by it?
i'm not pricing it high, and the items are in excellent shape!
i need some advice on how to not be so stressed about money and life, even though we have a chance of being evicted and utilities cut off.
lately i’ve felt so stressed and burnt out.
all i want to do is sleep and forget about everything i’m stressing about.
i wish i could be a better friend, girlfriend, and support system.
i’m doing my best but feel like i could do better.
it’s like i can’t focus.
i’m always worrying.
i have no idea how i can relax.
tldr i am pretty concerned about some physiological changes that have emerged after periods of high intensity stress.
i am curious if others can relate or can offer advice about how to proceed to get it fixed.
in short, i think i have a depletion of stress hormones and i don't know if this is likely, or to have it checked and resolved.
long storynaturally a high stress person.
always very hard on myself and very anxious in consequence.
i have a very low threshold for stress activation.
any time i needed to perform at a high level, or anytime there was adversity in my life, i felt the stress strongly.
had several years of intense stress.
felt physically depleted, emotionally mercurial and my cognitive function has noticeably declined.
i have had chronic insomnia for almost 4 years now  with no improvement in cognitive function during brief periods when it resolves.
after that period, i felt like i couldn't feel physiological stress anymore, just subjective stress.
but it is the physiological stress helps me mobilize myself to act and get things done.
so i am super ineffective, all over the place cognitively and struggle to motivate myself.
this is a problem because i am doing my msc during the pandemic, and need to be able to motivate myself.
it scares me how little anxiety i feel, even though i care.
people think i don't care and that is not the case.
i seem unmotivated, but i am not.
i want to excel, but can't mobilize myself.
i believe it might be a dopamine or stress hormone depletion rather than depression or related.
it felt a lot like i did when i had anemia several years prior, but i was taking supplements, so my levels are unlikely to be low.
what do i do?
this is very damaging for my performance in my msc, my career and my personal trajectory.
is there a way to treat this with supplements (ex: tryptophan is the precursor to dopa), to get tested and get medication?
has anyone experienced this and what did your doctor recommend?.
i’m so unbelievably stressed about my exams.
it always comes on when i go to bed, right before i sleep i think about it and my heart starts pounding like a mf.
i’m trying to get top grades, and since i have done bad this last exam is all i got to get good grade.
really hope i do well though.
from the beginning of my driving lesons i was really bad at it.
i was scared and unable to apply anything i learnd in theory to the actual drivign.
it didnt help that my instructor is older nervous man who would make me feel bad about myself all the time.
i had to take bunch of additional hours and i am still really really bad at it.
now im driving for a few months but i started to question my mental ability to be a driver at all.
i feel like im not supposed to get my licence beacuse im so bad and insecure.
i managed to fail my first exam and now i need to go again on monday and i feel so sad and so afraid because i think that i will fail again.
i dont even want to drive after all of this but i just want to be done with it because driving lessons are extremely expensive in my country.
whenever i make a mistake at work (as i did yesterday/this morning), especially when it involves a client, i become very depressed and stressed.
i even want to quit.
then for quite a long time, i'm haunted by it to where it clouds out other things.
really, though, my job is becoming too stressful.
i have been at it for 20 years.
last summer and then again this past monday, i was "semi-promoted" - not doing too much different but the company is making an investment of trust (and more money) in me.
i didn't ask for these promotions and have been wanting to leave.
this just digs me in deeper and brings on too many expectations that i can't handle.
my boss, parents, and friends all have my back but i'm so stress from work.
i cant get out of my head and i think work is going to be so stressful tomorrow.
 [
hi all,the second wave of covid-19 in india is giving me and my family a lot of stress.
we’re inside our home since the last one month or so &amp; seeing the ground level situation of covid here is scary af.
the only thing helping us keeping us sane is minimal news, meditation, sleep, self care activities and practicing affirmations.
here’s a list of 10 calming affirmations that have really helped me and my family.
hope this helps you.
please stay safe guys 🙏🏻
i’m at my breaking point.
might call the doctor today cause i just don’t know how to deal with my stress.
it’s affecting my health, which stresses me out even more.
i’ve also never been good at managing my stress, and have always found podcasts and reading as patronizing, even though i know it’s all in my best interest.
can someone please help with techniques?
maybe somethin than yoga or meditation?
i have to fix this before it gets worse.
i am sure covid has been extra stressful for everyone, countless people have lost their jobs, their health has deteriorated and i'm sure students can relate that online classes have been extremely stressful.
i do also understand where the professors stand, they had to shift their whole life to sitting in front of a computer to teach to a bunch of unenthusiastic students who won't even turn their cameras on, but, at the same time, we too are overpaying for an educational experience that isn't an experience at all.
sitting at our computers all day, rushing to finish deadlines and studying for tests and just staying focused is hard, while managing work that's just the cherry on top.
i do have some professors who have been very understanding and have helped a lot, curving grades, providing extra credit, then we have my stats professor.
he bases our grades so heavily on the tests (2 tests and 1 final), i have no idea what grade i have but i know i'm failing along with the rest of my class.
i've never done this badly in school ever!
i have never failed a class to say the least.
not understanding to our circumstances, as an international student, having to be awake at 3am to focus of math is a feat.
i've emailed him expressing my concerns, no reply.
and its not just me, the entire class is failing.
i have enrolled in the same class with a different professor for next semester in case i do not make it, which i won't unless he curves it a whole 10%.
the amount of stress that is just waiting to blow up is insane and i cannot do anything to help!
my thoughts keep circulating back and fixating on that one thing.
how do you guys manage stress and anxiety?!!!
ive tried almost everything
below are the highlights of an article by the academic times:[
it was 3 days ago.
it was the second worse day of my life in the past two years.
i just screamed as loud as i could!
it’s like i totally checked out.
when i caught my breath and stopped shaking is when i felt differently, like something that was once inside was all of a sudden gone.
my spark, i’m calling it, is gone.
i’m not me anymore, what do i do?
how do i move on from something so horrific?
hi everyone.
i am senior student in grade 12 and i have ap bio and chemistry 12 in the same semester.
very recently i became overwhelmed with the amount of homework and constant tests/quizzes that i cry every other day, and i’m at the point where my mental health is not safe, anymore.
somedays, i often just want to give up on these tests and just don’t care what happens in these courses.
this issue occurred in grade 12 only as in grade 10 i would have the same exact amount of homework and i would never experience mental breakdowns like this.
i would just sit there and do homework and then all of a sudden break down and cry out.
i don’t know if this is signs of early depression, too much anxiety, can someone please help me out?
i have noticed lately that i get excited about having a stressful schedule or environment.
i put things to the last minute to pile on everything at one time.
i used to schedule work before important exams, and i took on classes i knew were beyond challenging.
i didn't notice it until my mother pointed on how when i think i am "complaining" about things, i am smiling at the same time.i like the rush it gives me.
how do i fix this?
why do i feel guilty when i take a baby dose of xanax ?
i’ve been on it as needes for 2 years as i’m slowly taking less as my anxiety is getting better .
i do not depend on it but during but anxious moments it does help .
anyways i’ve been really trying to not take it and if i do only once a week .
this week was twice because i was really stressed .
but i feel guilty ?
i feel like i’m a drug addict when i know i’m not .
maybe it’s the stigma that xanax is bad ?
does anyone else feel this way ?
😭🔪🤬🤬🤬🤪😰😰😭😭😭
 new yorkers: are you feeling worried, sad, anxious, or depressed?
teachers college, columbia university is offering no-cost telehealth therapy as part of a research study for individuals across new york state that are struggling with emotional distress during the covid-19 pandemic.
if you are an adult between the ages of 18-65, you may be eligible to receive this innovative treatment from specially trained clinicians.
eligible participants will be compensated for brief questionnaires before and after therapy.
between therapy sessions, participants will be invited to utilize a novel internet- and mobile-based platform to supplement treatment.
for more information and to fill out a pre-screen questionnaire, please visit:
recently, my mom has been very reckless, narcissistic, abusive, etc.
she’s been causing me a lot of physical and emotional stress.
she’s been taking out her issues on me and my 8 y/o brother.
all issues she created for herself.
she somehow manages to blame someone else her her shitty life, whether it’s her parents or me.
i’ve given her so many chances and this was the last one.
but all of this is causing me so much stress.
i’m constantly anxious.
and when i think about having to go back home i start feeling like i’m having a panic attack.
my heart beats out of my chest, i get nauseous, i start sweating and my hands start shaking.
i haven’t even been able to eat because of the stress.
the thought of food alone makes me wanna vomit.
and it’s not like i can emancipate myself, i don’t have enough money saved up for a lawyer, and even then i’m 17, so it’s literally 1 more year until i can leave.
but does anyone have advice on how u can get more motivated to do schoolwork?
it’s just so difficult, i can’t concentrate on anything at all.
i’m exhausted, psychologically drained.
i hate myself for being useless, and i hated even more when people asking why i am doing what i am doing, can't you see i am trying to understand the situation?
i don't know if you are really asking the reason or you are just being sarcastic because i am just keep trying to compromise your idea and never use mine, and every day i told myself it is fine since my idea is probably not very useful compare to others, but i think i am just going crazy right now, because i could not understand a word you are saying and i cannot catch up and you are questioning my choices for catching up?
i really hope you will feel this one day when you get to another new project where you are working with complete strangers.
stop acting you are the leader if you just going to move forward with people you like
so i've had some on and off headaches the past few days.
i'm pretty positive they have been from being stressed.
have had health issues im now resolving for the past 10 months and recovering but also have had stressors at home i have no control of and other forms of stress.
apparently i've also been depressed for some time which isn't helping.
i'm not keen on taking over the counter meds for headaches.
but theyve been pretty consitent the past 4 days or so.
i'd say more annoying than anything.
i've been drinking lots of water but that doesnt seem to help.
though my headache today has been constant since about an hour after i woke up and it just wont go away.
i even tried drinking some herbal teas with no cafine in them and taking a shower though the shower actually seemed to make it worse.
was hoping perhaps someone may have some tips as for things i could do to aliviate them as i don't really have a way of abolishing the circumstances that are causing my stress.
i've ran out of ideas as i don't normally get headaches to often and this is the first time that i know of i have had them from stress.
the mind can turn the body's ph from acidic to alkaline in a matter of minutes.
stress can adversely affect the genetic makeup in your body; the mind can positively or negatively affect dna.
one of the fastest and easiest to feel, method to counteract stress, comes from a natural reaction that our physical body has to us having consistent/strong enough positive thoughts.
whether from positive memories, thanking god, thinking about your future plans, someone you love, inspiring or moving moments in life/movies/songs.
really consider the fact that from just thinking certain positive thoughts your whole physical body can get chills all over it or just in certain locations (for now).
if you take time to notice you will find that your self induced positive chills have an accompanying sort of wave underneath your skin (sometimes cold and other times hot).
after researching what that specific current underneath the skin is i came across a sort of energy we have that is tied to our spirit.
i've found many names for this energy like spiritual chills, euphoria, voluntary goosebumps, ecstasy, prana, chi, qi, vayus, aura, mana, life force, pitī, rapture, ruah, ether, nephesch, chills, goosebumps, the force and many more.
now consider this if you can truly induce that feel good occurence at will, you can definitely use it to counteract feelings of stress.
if you would like to know how to take control of that energy and how to, at will, stop that paralyzing feeling of stress on it's track.
here's a five minute [youtube video]( for you.
this is for for someone else.
66 year old male.
his arms and hands are shaking.
going on for a few months now.
he has been taking stress tablets for many years.
has tried 3 different ones.
none are working well.
tablets are lexapro, alprazolam (xanax), zoloft.
these  meds have been prescribed by his primary doctor.
in addition, this person has type 2 diabetes,should this person see a neurologist or a psychiatrist for this shaking?
"one thing ive had to learn is- i dont always need to try to find a solution to my wife's problems.
sometimes it's more helpful to just listen as she works through her emotions.
i think as men we've been taught to try and fix problems, but that isnt always what's needed..."[
hey all, so i basically was under an extreme amount of stress for a few months.
while that has now subsided i have noticed that i’ve been feeling off and lightheaded so i’ve been checking my blood pressure and it randomly spikes up to 140s/150s and 80s/90s for a period of time, and then will come back to normal range usually after 20 mins or so.
is there any condition that being under this kind of stress for a prolonged period could have caused?
(f/20) hello.
i’ve been in my current relationship for approximately 5 months and it’s weird.
i don’t find any aspect of the relationship bad or unhealthy, except that i’m quite over invested in it and i don’t know how not to be because investing emotionally and mentally into that person is important for me.
but it’s made me a very stressed out person.
to the extent that it has impacted my health (periods, skin, etc.)
and i’m not sure how to deal with it.
naturally, other parts of my life contribute.
things like academics and work, but those are things i have no option but to cope with.
my relationship is a choice and often times, amid the stress, i wonder if it’s the right choice in this very moment in time.
any advice is appreciated.
so recently i've started rocking and i think it might be a thing related to stress does anyone else do this or have a explanation
um hello ....well many can relate im sure.
after today i’m convinced i’m a misanthrope.
kinda ironic cause here i go again trying to get support from others.
i’m on my way to being a “construction specialist” really i’m just an asskisser.
i’m below everyone.
no one respects me because they think i’m doing better than they are when really i respect everyone even though i know 100% they’re doing a lot better than me.
one more loose screw right there.
i mean fuck me, man.
i mean i’m not getting paid that much.
i drive a company vehicle.
i work hard.
very very hard.
i’m being micromanaged.
i’m in charge of a lot of people and projects but as far as work...i think we kinda get in the way of trades doing the actual work.
i hate this business.
im sure i’m”add” but nobody cares.
it’s still my fault i mess up.
people are like crabs in a bucket.
i just told the painter to fuck off.
i told an old guy in the parking lot to fuck off.
recently ive moved states.
been 8 months.
i can’t or don’t get a new state license so i can actually move forward.
i work too much.
my car is in need of repair.
i bought a motorcycle which i can’t ride legally.
i’m living in a house that isn’t mine.
i’m staying in a nice place with an awesome view by myself.
house sitting and paying them a decent amount of rent while the owners are outta town...that’s about to end in a few weeks.
hard to keep up.
social life is super super lacking and dull of course.
first time moving away on my own.
sucks when everyone is telling me what to do.
and i do it.
there’s a lot going on.
exact words to the painter who was complaining about my handy work (since it’s not my job/not my specialty which i blatantly spelled out to them....is ironic considering my soon to be former position) the exact words were: “ quite frankly......i. don’t.
give.
a. fuck.
i’m this close to ...” and  i just shook my head and he understood right away.
either i was having a mental breakdown, burnt out or that he needed to shut his trap before i shoved that paintbrush where the sun don’t shine.
as for the old man.
i was driving with expired plates because i had to do some side work on the weekend and i couldn’t drive my work truck because it has a company logo.
so i can’t even flip people off anymore!
i explained this to the guy.
been working 60 hour weeks none stop.
happened to have work i couldn’t refuse right on the weekend so i had to risk going out again with this vehicle.
i’ve been pissed off at retirees lately since i’ve done a lotta work for them in this nice area.
i usually have respect but i get fed up with sucking up to people that act like toddlers.
once he took out his phone to take a pic of my license plate, i got out and asked if he was retired?
he said ....yeah i am.
and looked him in the eye and said “then fuck off!
go find something better to do.” he eventually left saying have a good day.
but i’m just so fuckin done with people and myself and the world.
i just don’t know how this is gonna go.
it’s an ever narrowing tunnel.
for all of us.
i mean to add to it, i lost/spent all my savings so far (not much but very much needed at this point: 2 grand and then some) on fuckin online dating and scammers and complete incompetence/desperation on my part.
so yeah.
don’t know what to do or where to go...options are “endless” but i keep thinking a giant meteor would simplify that quite nicely don’t you?
don’t expect anyone to actually read this all the way through or even give a shit.
or what i expect you to type.
hopefully someone relates or even chuckles like “yeah that’s me” i don’t care.
i just gotta know someone else will read this and potentially understand than just let this sit and stew inside me.
i’m just venting.
so say hello internet.
i’m about to fucking lose it
i’ve known for a while one of my biggest triggers, when i’m stressed especially, is fairness.
basically if a situation has an outcome i’m not happy with i end up thinking “well this didn’t happen with this person?
!” i know it’s petty and i’ve found i can step back and not react to a situation immediately which has cut out a lot of problems but i cannot seem to get past it.
i end up having the situation replay over and over in my head and i end up with my anxiety going through the roof.
has anyone got anyways to control it?
 [
not sure if i am in the right place.
my kid has suffered from (undiagnosed) anxiety for a while.
the idea of returning to work before being fully vaccinated has sent him over the edge, the doctor recommended medication (celexa) and he is seeing an mft.
he wants to request leave for 2.5 weeks (second covid vaccine shot + 2 weeks) but the doctor did not seem too understanding.
the mft is supportive of requesting the leavethe leave can be unpaid, not necessarily disability with paymentcan the therapist certify the leave?
  1. exercise 2.
 reduce your caffeine intake  3. write it down  4. spend time with friends and family 5. watch [relaxing contents](
[i recorded it, and if this helps any of you feel a bit calmer i'd be glad.
i'm the sole person on a project at work.
i do everything from handling users to writing the code.
i've also been added to another project so pile that on top.
i'm sleeping like crap, my stomach hurts, my hair is falling out, and i just cry all the time.
is there any hope here?
i've asked for help many times but there's simply no one else, and quitting is out of the question since i haven't even been here a year yet.
i just want to feel ok again.
so i need to rant a bit here, i'm starting a new job as a ground support officer this week it's two twelve-hour shifts a weekand i don't know how much i'm getting paid yet they said it 20 an hour which is the same i'm earningfor my temp, i'm taking this job because my temp is giving not me enough hours and i don't want to do building work anymore i know it pays a lot in the long run but it's too far away from my friends and family and i want to do my own thing not just be my dad because i see how stressed and angry he is and i don't want to be like that.
i hope i can get either get  25 an hour or an extra shift i'm struggling to have to pay for gas and rent gas each week with my current job this new is closer, but i still not sure what i'm doing i also had to sign up with a course and a test and also drug and alcohol test which cost me 205 dollars.
also, i know some people might say go work and mcdonalds or something well i can't i have already applied in the past and have been turned i also have very little retail experience.
i started having bathroom problems i think because of vaping and the vape juice spitting into my mouth over time, but even tho i quit my tummy has never been the same.
i already had a sensitive stomach that got worse with stress but now it’s so much worse.
i feel so sick i don’t know how to fix this :( just stresses me out more.
i’m gonna go to the doctor eventually but i really wish i didn’t have to.
i just joined this subreddit and haven't looked into coping mechanisms yet, but anyone who has tips on how to handle stress, please share.
i just need to get these stressors off my chest.
1) had a baby 3 months ago.
that shits hard.
2) toilet fucking exploded and our roof leaked, pretty much destroying our house.
2 a) my house has been in shambles for 2 months 2 b) they've finally started working on my house, which means me, the baby and the dog have to be out from 7am to 7pm.
2 c) being out of the house means being with my parents, my sister, my baby, 3 dogs and a bird in 1 house2 d) even with 20k from insurance, were paying 50-60k in repairs2 e) dog is reactive and is stressed/struggling with being out of our home 3) fucking pandemic.
province just shit down again, can't see my friends or extended family.
4) grandma passed away in october because of cancer.
other grandma is dying of cancer.
my husband's grandma also has terminal cancer.
5) to top it off, i found out today my care wheel needs to be replaced.
not the biggest deal, just the icing on the cake.
this stress has cause myself and my husband to feel overhwelmed and depressed, which has taken a serious toll on our relationship.
i feel like in a few months things may be better, but i'm just in over my head right now.
 i am [conducting a research study ]( my nutrition capstone master's class and i would love your participation!
all submitted answers are anonymous and identities are completely confidential.
 your involvement is greatly appreciated!
 are you 19+ years old?
 do you reside in the greater new york area (ct, nj, or ny)?
 were you working full-time at the start of the covid-19 pandemic (march 2020)?
if you answered yes to these questions, you are eligible to participate in this study.
  this research consists of one online survey, which should take about 5-7 minutes to complete.
your participation in this research is completely voluntary.
the consent form with more information is present on the first page of the survey.
  access the survey here: [
hey everybody!
i'm doing this form for my college entrepreneurship class about stress and email and was wondering if you would be willing to help me fill it out?
[i truly appreciate any and all help!
my heart has been checked out by doctors and is completely normal .
but at night when trying to sleep all i can feel is it pounding and racing and i can’t get my mind off it then i always think something is wrong with my heart .
anyone else ?
i really just needed somewhere to let everything off my chest.
i'm a college student at the end of my 2nd ever semester.
i'm failing my classes because i'm a shit person who can't even focus on the tiniest thing.
i have 2 weeks until finals, my laptop just completely blue screened and i cant afford to get another one.
my parents are threatening to kick me out and take away everything so i have to live on the streets and my depression is so far through the roof that i can't even remember the last time i was happy.
there are so many factors at play right now that i cant think straight.
i cant even sleep anymore.
i'm falling asleep in my morning classes because i'm so stressed and anxious that i cant go to sleep until 5am.
i hate myself because of it and i'm trying to get medication for everything but i'm too terrified to ask my parents because they always told me that i was looking for attention.
i just cant deal with anything anymore and i dont know what to do.
 here are 15 strategies that will help you cope with stress based on the study: 1. active coping (taking action to try to get rid of or decrease the stressor or its consequences);2. planning (deliberations how to handle the problem);3. seeking social support for instrumental reasons (asking for advice, help, or information);4. seeking social support for emotional reasons (seeking for emotional support, sympathy, or understanding);5. suppression of competing activities (putting aside other activities not connected to the problem in order to better deal with it);6. turning to religion (as a source of emotional support or signpost to positive reinterpretation and development);7. positive reinterpretation and growth (growing as a person as a result of the experience, seeing events in a positive light);8. restraint coping (waiting for the right time to do something);9. acceptance (accepting the situation as something irreversible, trying to get used to it and learn to live with it);10. focus on and venting of emotions (concern about own emotions and tendency to express them);11. denial (ignoring, refusal to acknowledge the problems);12. mental disengagement (avoiding consequences by turning to other activities like sleep, watching tv);13. behavioral disengagement (helplessness, abandonment of efforts to achieve goals);14. alcohol-drug disengagement (use of alcohol or drugs to relieve unpleasant emotions);15. sense of humor (as a way to relieve unpleasant emotions)reference: [sometimes it's difficult to deal with stress without medication, so here i've something if you like check out  [restilen](  restilen is for everyone who has ever felt stress, anxiety, or nervousness and wants to relieve the stress.
i really don't know about you, but i frequently find advice to discharge tension and stress to be good on paper but unbelievably tough to apply.
&amp;#x200b;simply say no more frequently!
sounds great, but my twenty-month-old son needs continuous care and i want to get cash, so there is a lot i can not simply not conduct .
&amp;#x200b;i really do try, but it has been chilly and gray, and i do not get myself until nighttime --if it is even more freezing.
&amp;#x200b;i've the very best of intentions, however i am pregnant, often exhausted, and there is that whole time .
&amp;#x200b;i assume this is the case of most good information: it is much easier to make a record of good thoughts than it is to really apply them.
and it is difficult not to withstand all those well-intentioned tips as too simplified and possibly even unrealistic.
&amp;#x200b;that, i have understood, is my main issue --one which you can connect to as well: while my situation can be hard and restricting, the majority of the strain and tension i believe originates with some type of inner resistance.
resistance to what's, what's, what could be, what i am doing, what i might do, who i'm... the list continues.
&amp;#x200b;and it may seem like this:&amp;#x200b;if you have done one of these things yourself, then i am certain that you know they are exhausting.
&amp;#x200b;that isn't say we're the only cause of our anxiety.
&amp;#x200b;and it is correct there are a lot of small things we can do to alleviate some of the strain.
nevertheless, the very first thing we have to do is ease the pressure at which it is generally the most extreme: inside our own minds.
&amp;#x200b;the way to relieve the emotional pressurethere are just two things i have found to be extremely effective in quieting my internal voice of immunity.
&amp;#x200b;1. let yourself feel the feelings below your ideas so you can calm and discharge them.
too often we get caught in a notion loop for a means to avoid feeling our feelings, as stressful as it could be, considering our situation permits us to avoid confronting our deepest consequences.
however, we must confront them to cure them.
as they state, the only real way out is through.
&amp;#x200b;i have discovered that under my changing kinds of inner resistance, there is generally:&amp;#x200b;and this causes my heart youth wounds which led me to think i am basically bad.
&amp;#x200b;once i believe itwhen i am rehashing the past, judging myself compared to other people, and debilitating about what folks think of me personally.
&amp;#x200b;stress:yet more, this activates my childhood wounds which led me to think i am not great enough, and never will be.
&amp;#x200b;once i believe itwhen i am residing on worst-case situations, stressing about what i need to do, and worry about what i ought to do.
&amp;#x200b;toward myself to get what i believe i did wrong, toward others for the way i believe they did me toward for myself to get possibly inducing them to do wrong (since i frequently find a way to blame myself), toward lifestyle for being unjust.
this activates my core belief that existence ought to be honest, shaped, you guessed it, in youth, when life felt really unjust.
&amp;#x200b;once i believe itwhen i am rehashing the past and battling my existing reality.
&amp;#x200b;once i believe itwhen i will get under the ideas and identify among those feelings, i will sit with this.
i am able to shout out it --the ultimate launch!
&amp;#x200b;i am able to empathize with myself and inform me what i want to hear--which i am a fantastic person who is always done her best, i shall do my best in the long run and can handle what is coming, that everybody else is doing their best, and most of us deserve forgiveness and understanding.
&amp;#x200b;perhaps take a hot bath if i am feeling embarrassed to remind myself that i deserve relaxation even when i believe i have messed up.
&amp;#x200b;perhaps write a forgiveness letter when i am feeling mad to assist me empathize, take, and go ahead.
&amp;#x200b;maybe call somebody i adore, diary, or do something creative when i am feeling empty, to fulfill my need for relationship.
&amp;#x200b;the purpose is, once we believe our feelingswe could do something to cover the particular root cause of our anxiety at a minute rather than arbitrarily selecting an action from a one-size-fits-all collection of stress-relievers.
&amp;#x200b;what is the feeling beneath it?
what exactly does that feeling need to instruct me?
what exactly does it need to listen?
and what do i do to help alleviate this pain?
&amp;#x200b;2. take out of your mind (and possibly into your entire body or a condition of circulation ).
it is ironic but true that two bits of apparently contradictory information can be both beneficial and strong, and this really is true when it comes to alleviating stress.
or at least it's been for me personally.
&amp;#x200b;on the 1 hand, it may help us to look carefully at what is happening in our heads so we are able to know it, question it if necessary, and calm the feelings under our ideas.
&amp;#x200b;on the flip side, sometimes we just must disengage from our thoughts tales --our unfulfilling workour mounting billsour insensitive relatives, etc.
to recognize we are getting caught up in a psychological maze where we might never escape unless we knowingly decide to escape and then make this selection.
&amp;#x200b;our mind's default style system (dmn), that is intended to protect ustends toward negativity, frequently concentrated on the past, the future, as well as the intentions behind the others' behaviour.
studies have demonstrated a connection between a active dmn and melancholy and anxiety--also has additionally demonstrated that meditation might help affect the default system.
&amp;#x200b;that is why it's important that we know to escape our minds, either via conventional meditation or simply by getting into our own bodies or a condition of stream (when you are so absorbed at a job which you forget about everything else and eliminate track of time).
&amp;#x200b;mindfulness can actually change patterns of brain activity with time, allowing us to frequently escape the default style system --at which we unavoidably feel stressed!
&amp;#x200b;how can we get from our heads and to our own bodies or a country of stream?
&amp;#x200b;when you sync your breath with your movements and focus your attention on the delicate muscle changes necessary to enter and maintain each pose, you will discover your mind obviously quieting.
there are tons of different varieties of yoga.
&amp;#x200b;you may discover all sorts of yoga videos on youtube, and chances are, even if life gets nearer to normal , it is possible to locate a free or donation-based class around you.
personally, i find it less difficult to exercise in a course than in my, because the existence of different folks holds me accountable, and you will find fewer biscuits and tvs nearby to divert me!
&amp;#x200b;acting requires you to escape your judging head, and tai chi is the ideal clinic to ease that, as it is about integrating body and mind through slow, low-impact, controlled breathing and movements.
&amp;#x200b;tai chi is significantly less physically taxing than many yoga practices (besides restorative yoga, which can be exceptionally relaxing), making it ideal for anybody who is more emotionally restricted.
it is especially popular with the senior audience, as it is easy on the joints, but it is a strong and effectual mindfulness practice for anybody, of any age!
&amp;#x200b;# mindful trekking or walkingany type of movement could be meditative in case you concentrate your attention on the sensations in our bodies, and trekking and walking out attract the additional advantage of immersing you into character --a pure stress-reliever!
&amp;#x200b;various studies have revealed that only twenty minutes in character can considerably decrease your stress hormones.
and in addition, it can excite all of the body's senses, as we listen into the noise of running water trickling nearby, the odor of pine (proven to reduce depression and stress ), the colours in a scenic sunrise, the sensation of leaves crunching under our feet, and the flavor of a freshly selected bit of fruit.
&amp;#x200b;through social causeswe frequently consider stream as something we reach separately, but group actions bring the extra advantage of easing deep link as we proceed in sync or work toward group objectives.
this may mean becoming a collective state of stream as part of a sports group, dancing troupe, or via synchronized swimmingpool.
&amp;#x200b;i recall one specific bit of choreography out of a neighborhood theatre show i did as a child.
there were twenty of us, seated, performing clapping moves with one another's hands, patting on our own and each other's thighs.
all of us had to move perfectly in sync to get it just right, which demanded intense attention, and i must say it was profoundly satisfying to maneuver within a complete --to lose myself into the group and also be immersed in something larger than myself.
&amp;#x200b;through imaginative triggersany creative action can get us into a condition of stream if we like it and lose ourselves at the endeavor.
painting, playing an instrument, dance, jewelry manufacturing, much doodling--select whatever calls for you so deeply you can not help but focus on the gift, losing your sense of self-consciousness since the action itself is so enjoyable and rewarding.
&amp;#x200b;through ecological triggersrock climbing is the perfect example, as you have to be completely absorbed in the moment to safely browse the stone formation.
&amp;#x200b;although i have never achieved outside rock climbing--that i imagine is even more thrilling, as it is riskier and you are totally immersed in character --i engaged in a climbing class as a experiential therapy treatment for bulimia in my early twenties.
i recall all my worries falling apart as i concentrated on not falling off the beam, and that i remember enjoying my body to get what it might do rather than judging myself for what i believed i had been doing wrong.
&amp;#x200b;you are able to take an hour course or merely exercise for ten minutes.
it's possible to work on a painting for 2 hours or sketch to get a short window .
&amp;#x200b;obviously!
it is far simpler to watch netflix within our free hour of time or scroll in that short window .
while i do this, all of my thick unfelt feelings fester, settling deep in to my mind and my bones and hammering me like an imperceptible straitjacket.
&amp;#x200b;however, i understand when i do something which's very good for me personally, i think itand i need it.
along with my resistance to doing this obviously fades away, together with my anxiety.
&amp;#x200b;so actually, we simply have to appear after --actually appear.
be present we allow us to completely live that moment so we are able to appreciate that instant, which love will bring us back.
back to the clinic, back to our own bodies back to ourselves.
our deepest truth, under the strain and pressure.
the authentic self who knows we do not have to be more, we still do not need to perform longer, we only need to let's like more.
because within that pleasure there is peace and recovery.
and regardless of what our negatively biased brains inform uswe totally deserve it.
&amp;#x200b;
[cozy cabin fireplace &amp; snowstorm sounds | sleep instantly with snow sounds for sleep and relaxation](
new yorkers: are you feeling worried, sad, anxious, or depressed?
teachers college, columbia university is offering no-cost telehealth therapy as part of a research study for individuals across new york state that are struggling with emotional distress during the covid-19 pandemic.
if you are an adult between the ages of 18-65, you may be eligible to receive this innovative treatment from specially trained clinicians.
eligible participants will be compensated for brief questionnaires before and after therapy.
between therapy sessions, participants will be invited to utilize a novel internet- and mobile-based platform to supplement treatment.
for more information and to fill out a pre-screen questionnaire, please visit:
lo-fi study (relaxing beats in lo-fi scale)- [childish gambino playlist- [frank ocean playlist- [powerful female vocals (female acoustic and pop with powerhouse voices)- [blonded radio (alternative rnb and relaxation music)- [house music for you ravers!- [
anyone else have tinnitus because of extreme stress and anxiety 😭
some times late at night i random get stressed, its not like i have any big school projects coming up, nor do i have anything big work related, but randomly at night i get stressed out about nothing.
just butterflies in my stomach and a lingering sense of "you forgot something" but i know for a fact there's nothing i forgot.
why does this happen and how can i stop it?
my life has been kicking me in the ass recently,firstly, my hair sheds like crazy and i feel like i’m going bald, i see all these people telling me to take medication that could mess me up (i’m 17) and i’m terrified of it.
but the thought of my hair going away is equally as terrifying, i just don’t know what to do, and i’ve been to multiple dermatologists and the answer is mixed.
secondly, the courses that i’m taking are driving me nuts, they’re both incredibly hard and the stress of the work, tests, and maintaining a good mark is driving me nuts.
my parents don’t seem to care at all and i feel incredibly lonely without anyone to talk to about theses issues
school just started and recently i didn't get enough sleep.too much works and things that i had to go through while in the past made me feels overwhelmed,i just can't put my shit back together right now.i go to school,get home and do my works done feels like my life is just a loophole where i would never be able to take a rest.im tired of thinking what would happen in the future.everything is just a mess..why can't things be easy for once.i can't do this on my own.i just need someone to hug me and tell me that's everything's going to be fine,just for this time.i used to be a happier, strong enough person that i could litteraly handle any problems but that was a long time ago.i can't do my works right if my brain is still wandering around in the past.i'm scared that i would never be a successful person.what if my beloved ones never get to see me growing up,i'm not strong enough to see they are gone before me.do you guys have any tips how not to think what have occurred in the past and just get through it?thank you very much..
i honestly don't know what to say i am just really stressed out about my future, about life.
what do i want to do for a living, will that make me happy, do i want to travel, why does everything sucks every time i look around me i see that everything is on fire and i just want to run away and escape but i don't know where to go and i do want to face my problems (which idk what they are ) but every time i do that the problems only increase
omg this magnetic cube i got is so satisficing and helps me relive of all my stress.
i have taken to listen to this playlist of baby lullabies when i go to sleep to help my stressed mind calm down - if you want to try it its on spotify my friend found a similar one on apple music too if you on other music service i guess you can search by artists - "the background musicians"hope it helps some of you
chakra is a hindi word meaning 'wheel'.
the ancien indian mystics saw the chakra centres of the body whirling, wheel-like vortices of energy.
there are seven as major chakras or energy centers and many minor or lesser ones.
the minor chakras include the palms of the hands and the bottoms of the feet.
when these energy centers are clear and aligned, the energy flows freely up and down the spine and through out the nervous system, resulting in a feeling of peaceful well-being.
i've found many names for this energy like spiritual chills, euphoria, voluntary goosebumps, ecstasy, prana, chi, qi, vayus, aura, mana, life force, pitī, rapture, ruah, ether, nephesch, chills, goosebumps, the force and many more.
since we express ourselves through these energy centres.
they can, as well as our physical and spiritual bodies, hold trapped negative energy.
once tension, trauma, fears and anxiety are released from these energy centers, the mental, physical, emotional and spiritual bodies also end up healing.
if you want to learn how to really tap into these centers with an effective method to heal them here's a [youtube video]( for you.
every single day i worry about something, it can really be anything but i just keep worrying and find anything and everything to worry about, i an in high school and i just don’t know what to do, i feel like i just worry about something new everyday and can’t be happy, any recommendations on how to feel less worried so i can actually be happy for again?
i'm sure everyone deals with stress at some point in their life.
i am currently at that point and have been trying to manage it for over a year now.
i can't seem to find the "perfect" stress reliever.
it has gotten to the point that i cannot sleep comfortably; most days i feel as if i am on autopilot.
i tried exercising but it only made things worse.
i'm convinced my norepinephrine neurotransmitters don't function properly.
anyways, what are some things that have helped you relieve stress?
[1- a personalized office](2- organized information3- phone calls can wait4- lists5- a calendar... up to date6- focus on one work at a time7- reserving time slots for pleasure8- automation9- the bulletin board a visual memory tool10- an idea map
i’m a student in my final year of uni, currently writing my dissertation and have 5 upcoming exams.
i’ve found when i’m stressed i feel really sick every morning and evening but as soon as i’ve finished my deadlines it goes away.
has anyone else experienced this?
it’s really effecting my productivity.
any advice on how to cope with it would be appreciated, thanks.
i'm kind of struggling due to recent changes to try and keep myself happy and calm.
keep stressing about things i can't control.
[1- a personalized office](2- organized information3- phone calls can wait4- lists5- a calendar... up to date6- focus on one work at a time7- reserving time slots for pleasure8- automation9- the bulletin board a visual memory tool10- an idea map
i work for a medium size tech company as a client facing project manager and i'm so stressed right now.
the stress is coming for a year of lock down and depression that has effected the quality of my work and i'm paying for it right now.
i don't know what to do it feels like their is too much on my plate and i'm struggling to find a solution.
i have found that l theanine 700mg capsules instantly (30 mins) makes me relaxed.
this shit is real.
but otherwise.
i deal with stress 2000 times better when i have slept 8 hrs 30 or more.
when i sleep this long i can deal with any stress and stay stable / never get depressed.
ive also found that thinking about having insomnia makes you have insomnia.
(yikies)
using a throwaway account for privacy reasons.
i'm (m30) really worried about my so's (f29) health and could really do with some advice.
i'll put a tl;dr at the bottom.
i'm not sure if any of this content may be triggering, so i apologise if it is.
some context - we have been together nearly 10 years; lived together for 6. before that, we did long distance for 2 years.
long distance was hard, and during that time my so was going through what she calls a "hypochondriac stage", in which she was always worrying about her health and scared she was going to get ill.
after we moved in together, that worry subsided and things were ok.
i suffer from mild anxiety too, so we both had our bouts every now and then, but great other than that.
she would always think very low of herself though, especially her appearance and her weight.
whenever we went anywhere, 9/10 times she would have a break down about what she would be wearing, which often made us late or led to an argument or general stress.
fast forward a few years.
just before covid, she suffered the loss her step mother, who wasn't even 50. this was obviously devastating, but did lead to her and her dad becoming closer.
then covid hit, and as such she has never fully had time to grieve for her step mum.
on top of that, in june, her dad announced that he had met someone else.
in november, he said they were moving in together.
two weeks ago, he announced they were getting married.
the way that he announced all of these was either very nonchalantly (over zoom/phone call) or in a very grandiose way, expecting congratulations i'm sure.
obviously, my so (and her sister) are appalled, and her dad doesn't quite seem to understand why.
on top of that, he is so wrapped up in his own life, that he isn't taking the time to ask how my so/her sister are feeling about.
it's very messed up, and i'm furious at him.
so that's two reasons why she is feeling particularly stressed at the moment.
the third is work.
we are both key workers, and as such have been going into work throughout the last year when others were wfh.
on top of that, her work has been insanely busy and she is working on average 11 hour days, and the work still isn't done.
the team she manages are not pulling their weight and management, from what i can gather, seem quite useless and keep promising solutions but never deliver.
she doesn't want to quit, mainly because finding a job in this uncertain climate will be stressful too, and in the somewhat likely event that redundancies are made, it'll probably be a first in, first out situation.
her day of anxiousness usually goes as follows - wake up feeling stressed about work and about what to wear - will sometimes have a break down.
at work, overloaded with workload - will go to the bathroom to cry.
in the evening, will come home stressed after a bad day.
at night, will worry about sleeping and as a result will often have a big break down if she can't sleep/gets woken up.
&amp;#x200b;these break downs range from having trouble breathing to hurting herself - thankfully never seriously, but she has given herself scratches and bruises etc.
additionally, there are certain words that might trigger her, like if i mention anything about breathing, her chest goes tight.
or if i suggest we go to bed earlier, she becomes panicked about sleeping.
i have suggested apps such as headspace but she says they don't work, and she doesn't want to go on medication.
i'm really worried about her, and feel awful that i don't really know how to help.
i'm worried that one day she is going to badly hurt herself (she has never expressed anything about being suicidal, so i'm not worried about that - more just badly hurting), and also worried that, quite frankly, she could give herself a heart attack or something.
it's also obviously having an effect on me, as every evening i'm on edge, not wanting to trigger a reaction in anyway, and feel absolutely rotten if i do.
but, admittedly, the whole situation also makes me feel very angry.
not necessarily at her, but just like...why is this happening?
i hope that makes sense and doesn't make me sound like an asshole.
i'm just at a loss with what to do.
i love her more than anything and am just so worried about her, so any advice could be greatly appreciated, thank you!
tl;dr - so is having panic attacks nearly every night and day, is extremely stressed, and i'm worried about her heatlh.
[1- a personalized office](2- organized information3- phone calls can wait4- lists5- a calendar... up to date6- focus on one work at a time7- reserving time slots for pleasure8- automation9- the bulletin board a visual memory tool10- an idea map
mines’ name is tina and she arrives on my jaw after a stressful period or a particularly traumatic event.
i have to pouch her when she gets too long... where does yours pop up?
how do you remove it?
i'm in the marine corps and have a lot of shit on my plate.
i am fully erect like 90 percent of the day because of it.
so a couple times a week i gotta pump one out real quiet in the stall.
am i the only one?
hi everyone.i am strssed and depressed about an issue for several days now.i have not been able to eat well and to do exercise.i constantly think of that issue and this gives me severe headache which i cannot control.i cannot sleep as well because i think of that and my head may explode as a result of that.
can someone help me how to deal with this as it symptoms are getting severe and serious now.
thank you.
we are conducting a study examining how different daily activities impact pandemic-related stress.
if you are an adult (18 or older), currently living in the u.s., and interested in this study, please email us at [centerforfearlessresearch@gmail.com](mailto:centerforfearlessresearch@gmail.com) with the subject line “interested in daily activities study” and we will send you an online survey to determine whether you might be eligible to participate.
so i’m 23 years old and i’ve been in therapy since i was like 10. i have generalized anxiety and i have a bear phobia vomit where every time i stomach hurts i get a sensation i am a scary panic attack thinking i’m going to just get sick.
but the point of this post is this therapy actually work?
all the years i’ve been it has never worked for me.
even trying to listen and do the techniques it doesn’t work.
i just saw seen a new therapist and i only saw her once and i already don’t wanna go back because all of them say the same thing and i honestly don’t know what to do anymore.
is there any websites to help or books ?
 new yorkers: are you feeling worried, sad, anxious, or depressed?
teachers college, columbia university is offering no-cost telehealth therapy as part of a research study for individuals across new york state that are struggling with emotional distress during the covid-19 pandemic.
if you are an adult between the ages of 18-65, you may be eligible to receive this innovative treatment from specially trained clinicians.
eligible participants will be compensated for brief questionnaires before and after therapy.
between therapy sessions, participants will be invited to utilize a novel internet- and mobile-based platform to supplement treatment.
for more information and to fill out a pre-screen questionnaire, please visit:
i'm really stressing out over it because i'm going to get into alot of trouble and idk what to do, i need it to just not happen and to forget about it but i cant
got a really large test tomorrow and as much as i've been revising, i can't get the feeling outta my head that i'm gonna screw it all up completely.
any advice?
we are seeking study participants interested in participating in the clinically validated online mindfulness-based therapy (mbct) intervention be mindful.
multiple studies have shown that this four-week online intervention can reduce depressive symptoms, perceived stress, and anxiety symptoms.
participation in this entirely-online study will allow you access to the be mindful materials for free.
we are seeking college students currently experiencing some emotional distress who have experienced significant symptoms of depression in the past.
please feel free to read about the intervention at [bemindfulonline.com]( there is a great deal of evidence this intervention can help individuals with symptoms of depression and anxiety learn to cope in more advantageous ways.
if you are interested in learning more about our study, please email us at drtlab.ub@gmail.com
so for the past few weeks i had stopped browsing online, and had put restrictions upon my self and my devices.
the two weeks were very productive but now i found another way to go online and being back on reddit and youtube increased my stress levels and caused me to be unproductive.
is there no way to cure this addiction?
i am stuck with this for the past 3-4 years.
basically i booked myself plastic surgery then had to cancel it because for a week i had the most intense physical stress symptoms, and it was just getting worse each day.
racing heart from morning till night, static vision, inability to think of anything else or be distracted.
i couldn't eat or sleep, people would speak to me and i couldn't hear what they were saying i was so detached.
it got to the point where i was starting to feel like i existed in a different reality to everyone else.
anyway i cancelled it because i sensed a breakdown coming on, since i still had a whole month to wait for the surgery.
gutted anxiety has ruined this for me, i wanted it so badly!
but i already had an anxiety disorder from having ptsd from bad acid trip 5 years ago so i am vulnerable to mental illness stuff.
and i know it's not worth risking my mental health like this for a new nose, no matter how self conscious i am.
since i cancelled it three days ago i've had to get signed off work for a week.
i don't feel the same, i'm so low, feeling ugly and unlovable since the whole process of planning surgery made me scrutinise myself like nothing before.
worse still my heart is still racing at random points in the day and my vision still has a static quality which makes me scared of leaving the house.
has anyone else recovered from severe physical stress like this?
and does anyone else get static like vision when anxious or stressed?
i feel so alone
hi folks today i wanna discuss social masks or our false self that we need to function in society, as you know as humans we live in tribes and groups so we have to adopt a certain behaviors and communication tools to be able to successfully interact with people who are living around us but at times we feel deep inside that we are blocking some parts of who we are just to be able to adopt to our environment, well the problem is not what is happening outside of us but instead what we believe and the perception we are holding about who we are is the key component of how successful we are in relating to others without blocking or denying ourselves .. that will take me to the management of our emotional health which most of the time we ignore by escaping how we feel using many forms of escapism or we keep getting triggered each time we face a certain situation, none of of the mentioned ways of coping with our emotional are successful because at the end we still in reaction to our emotions, i wanna switch your intention guys from living in reaction to your emotions to being able and having control of how you feel without failing either in your social life or how you feel about yourself, the key to achieve that in my opinion which is based on a lot of experiences and research is to chance your relationship to your emotions basically you have to create some space for your emotions to run their course and go away also the energy inside our bodies has to keep running without any blockage unfortunately the blockage happened each time we get traumatized, our whole system get miss operating and that is the basis of all health and mental issues.
when this imbalance happened inside you, to have a perfect social life is almost impossible because your whole system is always gonna be reacting to get rid of the blockage that happened when got exposed to a specific trauma or some emotional stress, what you have to do first is to focus on yourself and start using your awareness to detect which type of emotions you feel and do your best to feel them no matter how painful they are, be honest and real when interact with others because if you keep hiding how you feel and faking yourself, eventually you'll get some breakdown or your emotional paid will get more intense .. i can assure you can let go and find the balance that you're hoping for .. it's just a matter of putting the work and be patient on yourself .. hope you guys enjoyed this post if wanna go deeper on this topic ask any question .. :)
whenever i have one or two things going on after work i feel as though i don't have enough time to relax.
i feel as though i can't handle a busy schedule and even having a few things to do during the weekend stresses me out and gives me anxiety because i really enjoy time to myself.
does anyone know how i can get over this without feeling stressed/anxious all the time?
i know people who have super busy schedules... they work extra hours, have children (i don't) and somehow still make time to learn new skills in their spare time.
i really admire people who can keep busy schedules and somehow not breakdown.
how do people like that not get stressed by all the stuff they do?
i really want to be able to do more during my day to get somewhere in life, but i feel too stressed out when i do "too" much.
is it partially because i'm an introvert?
i know i have anxiety to work through but i don't know where to start...thanks in advance.
i guess for context i'm 16 years old.
the post kind of says all of it.
i just cant relax.
for about a month, i have gone one full year of literal, constant, stress.
and by "constant stress".
i mean from the moment i wake up, to the moment i go to sleep.
and there's very little rest from it.
its very exhausting(as you can imagine)and has taken a certain toll on my mental health, and if it hasn't taken one on my physical health it will at some point.
it does have a lot to do with my emotional health, which is pretty bad to say the least(loooooot of personal insecurity for a large part of it).
i have been going to both a therapist and a counselor, and mostly my therapist has been the one guiding me more through the stress.
this includes having less fear with my interests, and trying to sort out what aspects of my life and personality i have control over, and what aspects i do not.
and i think trying to know how to work with myself.
but i just want to relax.
i just want to collapse and finally feel relaxed.
it doesn't help that i'm looking for what personally fulfills me and everything that i think is supposed to help me relieve stress makes me even more stress, because of the aforementioned insecurity.
please, if anyone can help me with this, thank you i'll edit this as i find mistakes or have things to add in, if you guys need more info just ask, and also i think in general i'm very sleep deprived so that could have something to do with it.
apologies for any grammar mistakes
okay so i’ve realised i’m usually the type of person that’s always stressing over something or a another and that i have obsessive paranoia.
recently i’ve started a side job delivering newspapers and found myself singing along to music happy and not stressing.
that’s when it hit me, my brain automatically started to think “why are you so happy?
have you forgot that thing that could happen and cause so many problems?
or “i’m way too happy here, i shouldn’t be feeling like this, somethings going to happen that takes away all your happiness”.
my wife says i feel more comfortable stressing as i’m used to it but when i let go of that stress my brain panics as it’s used to having loads going on at once rather than being in the moment, happy.
i have been in a relationship for about three years now.
i started dating him in grade 10, the first year was amazing.
but then came lies, ignoring me, he once left me and went to wonderland with his friends.
he ignores me on all holidays saying that he is busy with his family.
busy enough that he won't even reply back to me.
i get mad and he says he loves me so much.
he never gets me any birthday gifts, valentine's day gifts, anniversary gifts.
he lives around 2 hours away from me.
so whenever he comes, i feel it's just for sexual favours and then he leaves and ignores me, doesn't call me.
even if he does call me it's about horny stuff most of the time.
i have tried to break up with him, but he doesn't let me and i get weak also.
i get weak to think that i can't live without him, and things will get better.
i lost my friends because of him, i have no one to share anything with.
my parents are the worst.
my mom is the most judgemental person i have met.
i sometimes wish she was not my mom.
my sister does not like me, i am not sure why.
she kind of gets my brother against me.
she yells and misbehaves with me.
and we are 13 years apart.
my mom is always taking her side and always favours her.
they all think i do nothing in life.
even tho, i work 20 hours a week and i study full-time at utm.
so recently, i found the courage to break-up with my boyfriend, i blocked him everywhere.
he keeps texting me from new accounts and i keep getting weak, i keep thinking about him and imagining our future.
i guess a reason for being weak is that i will be in an arranged marriage by 22 years old in pakistan.
my boyfriend is serious about marrying me, but my family won't agree on a love marriage plus my boyfriend makes me cry, feel ignored, and makes me feel alone.
school is another kind of stress i'm facing, with too many assignments.
i have breakdowns every now and then.
no food or groceries at home and i need to save money to pay for school.
i'm starving, crying, having exams and assignments due.
i am so pathetic that i don't have the courage to end myself.
i am heartbroken, hurt, and a loser.
should i just go back to my boyfriend?
if i don't i will end up in pakistan with my toxic family and i will have a kid by 23 years of age and will be a maid for free.
turning 16 is supposed to be fun and exiting, except it’s not, atleast for me.
i’ve been so worked up about passing my g1 test that i have literally cried to my mom because i don’t think i’m gonna pass, and it’s just gonna be a waste of $140, on top of that, nobody asked me what i wanted for my birthday when there are a few things that i really need.
i don’t know how to deal with this stress.
do any of you feel super overwhelmed suddenly and nauseated and want to just go sit in a room alone when you’re stressed?
this happens so much to me whenever i have a lot to do and feel like i’m not going to be done in time.
just wondering if others experience this too!
blonded radio (alternative rnb and relaxation music)- [alternative r&amp;b (relaxing mix of rnb and lo-fi pop)- [lo-fi study (relaxing beats in lo-fi scale)- [late night drives (late night adventures and soothing)- [pink (smooth lyrical soul and rnb)- [powerful female vocals (female acoustic and pop with powerhouse voices)- [
 'the magic of starting over' is the ultimate guide for those who want to break the chains of their past mistakes and build a bright future.
this research-backed guide will teach you everything you need to know about letting go of your past mistakes and rewriting the script of your life.
plants, animals, minerals, trees and humans all have energy fields around them.
this energy field, although invisible to the naked, untrained eye, extends outward from the object and is called the aura or auric field.
the aura, in many ways, in much like the earth's atmosphere: densest closer to the surface, then becoming progressively less dense the farther it extends outward, all energy fields have many levels, just as the earth has many atmospheric levels.
in yourself, this energy can be felt easily through chills from positive events/thoughts and on other people it can be felt from one to three feet or more out from the physical body.
i made this [youtube video]( explaining more specifically how you can through your voluntary induced goosebumps manipulate and influence your own auric field.
this video helped me to relieve stress maybe it can help you guys aswell.
[outside the box | relaxing cinematic fpv - relaxation channel - youtube](
random strikes of shortness of breath while trying to sleep like the wind just got knocked out of you ?
esc full form stands for “[effective stress counseling]( esc is a key factor to motivate underperformed employees through esc.
what is an efficient stress management strategy?
learn how to mention “no” know your limits and stick with them.
whether in your personal or business life, refuse to simply accept added responsibilities when you're on the brink of reaching them.
taking over the quiet you'll handle may be a surefire recipe for stress.
what are 6 stress management techniques?
focus on breathing.
get a hug from a beloved.
enjoy aromatherapy.
eat a diet.
make time for leisure activities.
practice yoga.
it knows your future, and all possible combinations of it.
whatever choice you make your higher self knows the series of events after that, and if you wish to get to a certain point in your life in the future, it knows how to get there exactly, step by step.
a big reason why you experience non-instantaneous gratification of your wishes is that you may not be listening to your higher self.
that delay is caused by differences between what your ego-your personality here on earth-chooses and what your higher self will let you know to do or not to do.
if you want to be more aware, intuitive, detached from situations that won't bring you closer to your goals, and creative instead of reactive.
i made this [youtube video]( in hopes to help you trust your higher self, learn how to recognize when your higher self is warning you through your intuition and confirm through goosebumps you are on the right path.
i never thought i would come to this point in my life where i would be having heart problems due to stress and anxiety.
i haven’t been able to fully sleep this whole week and i’ve been staying up or waking up suddenly too.
my heart has been making weird noises and i had to go to urgent care just to make sure things weren’t wrong.
on the bright side my ekg was normal and i’m not having any signs of anything serious.
but i’m having a hard time resting.
i haven’t talked to any of my friends in a while and have just been talking to my coworkers and parents.
and i can’t keep talking to my parents.
like i haven’t talked to anyone my age in god knows how long.
 new yorkers: are you feeling worried, sad, anxious, or depressed?
teachers college, columbia university is offering no-cost telehealth therapy as part of a research study for individuals across new york state that are struggling with emotional distress during the covid-19 pandemic.
if you are an adult between the ages of 18-65, you may be eligible to receive this innovative treatment from specially trained clinicians.
eligible participants will be compensated for brief questionnaires before and after therapy.
between therapy sessions, participants will be invited to utilize a novel internet- and mobile-based platform to supplement treatment.
for more information and to fill out a pre-screen questionnaire, please visit:
heyejehowh i made a post about my stress before and honestly?
it never improvedim still suffering from stress and suicidal thoughts every night because i’m too scared that i have to go to school in the morning, i usually sleep at 2 am to reassure myself that theres no more stress (yes, i do my assignments last minute)i remember on the 2nd day of my 2nd week at my new school, my mental breakdown lasted 4 hours while i was forcing myself to do my assignments.
yeah that night wasn’t very pleasanteven if i try to talk about my stress to my parents they dont listen at allmy dad just tells me to drink water and breathe deeply if i have an anxiety attack at schoolmy mom won’t listen even listeni’ve been begging them for homeschool because i hate my school, my dad approves but he needs my mom’s approval, which of course, she doesn’t listen at all.
hell, she thinks i wont do shit even if i get homeschooled because during quarantine i didnt study anything (that was because i was not enrolled in any school at the time)- — - — - —please, can someone please tell me how to convince my mom to approve of homeschooling me, every night i get so stressed about school so i would always beg her but she never listenseven if i try to reason myself she just says “mention homeschooling again, and i’ll ground you.”
i know it may be difficult to except the things you cannot change, but what happened is in the past.
it is over.
it is yesterday.
we cannot get the past back and "redo" it, like hitting the 'undo icon' when typing on the computer.
we can control what happens from this day forward, what we do in the present moment.
before the pandemic, we were able to have control over what we did.
the pandemic put a stop to our routines as we know them.
we cannot control or change it.
but we can control how we react to the situation we find ourselves in.
i know it is frustrating to wait.
it causes us to have anxiety and stress.
for our own health and mental state we have to accept what is.
the current situation is not something that we wanted or asked for, but now that it is here we have to find a way to deal with it.
there are different activities we can get involved in to take our minds off of the stress we feel, while we wait for things to return to normal (or "new" normal):cleaningcookingexploring a hobbyorganizing computer files (usb drive)readingstarting a long-awaited projecttalking to friendsvolunteeringwriting once we find a way in our lives to handle the uncontrollable situation, we will be better off.
this reminds me of a prayer i learned as a child called the serenity prayer.
god grant me the serenity to accept the things i cannot change, courage to change the things i can, and the wisdom to know the difference.
a person who refuses to accept what cannot be changed, will only make themselves unhappy and bitter in the long run.
this is not healthy.
the attempts to change the past will create so much negativity and stress, no one will want to be around the person.
so letting go of circumstances we have no control over, is a tremendous way to relieve angst.
the thing that went wrong can be chalked up to a mistake which should be recognized and corrected.
once the mistake is rectified, then the learning and healing process can begin.
this brings me to another quote i learned in school by george santayana, "those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it."
so if we do not learn from the past and remember what occurred, then we will go through the same anxiety-filled experience again.
we can make our lives as wonderful and as stressfree as we want.
but we have to make a choice to go in a positive direction.
it starts with letting go of what we cannot change, move out of the past into a bright, unifying optimistic future.
this article was originally posted on my site november 5, 2020.
 an important part of keeping healthy and fit is to look after your own mental health.
there are plenty of things you can do to help be certain that you keep yourself emotionally healthy.
## get plenty of sleepsleep is actually important for our physical and mental wellness.
these chemicals are important in handling our moods and emotions.
if we don't get enough sleep, we could begin to feel anxious or depressed.
the sleep foundation provides suggestions on how to sleep well, and also to overcome problems with sleeping.
## eat welleating well is not only important for our bodies, however, it's also important for our minds.
try to eat a balanced diet.
if you find you are a particularly stressed or anxious individual, you ought to attempt limiting or cutting out caffeine as this can make you feel jittery and anxious.
## avoid alcohol, smoking and drugssmoking and drinking aren't things that we always associate with withdrawal symptoms, but they can cause some which affect on your mental wellbeing.
when you have had a few drinks you can feel more miserable and anxious the next day, and it can be more difficult to concentrate.
excessive drinking for extended intervals can leave you with a thiamine deficiency.
thiamine is very important to our mind function and a deficiency can result in severe memory issues, motor (coordination) problems, eye and confusion problems.
if you smoke, then involving cigarettes your body and brain go into withdrawal that makes you irritable and nervous.
other drugs will often leave you in withdrawal and may often cause quite low moods and anxiety.
more serious effects of drugs include paranoia and delusions.
there's some research that suggests drug use is related to developing mental disorders like schizophrenia.
take a look at our pages on help to stop smoking and on alcohol and subtance use to learn more.
## get plenty of sunlightsunlight is a superb source of vitamin d. vitamin d is a essential vitamin for our bodies and our brains.
it helps our brains to release compounds which enhance our disposition, such as endorphins and dopamine.
try to go out in the sun when you can, but be sure you keep your skin and eyes secure.
30 minutes to 2 hours per day of sun is ideal.
some people today find using a special light-therapy lamp helps to alleviate the symptoms.
## manage anxietystress is often unavoidable, but understanding what causes your anxiety and understanding how to deal is vital in maintaining good mental health.
try to control your responsibilities and worries by building a list or a schedule of if you can resolve each situation.
frequently in the event that you break down your anxieties and stresses and write them down, then you realise that they're manageable.
if you find you're having difficulty sleeping, or are waking up considering all of the things that are stressing you out, write them down and assure yourself that it is possible to deal with them in the morning.
## action and exercisebeing busy not only provides you a feeling of accomplishment, but it also boosts the chemicals in your brain that will help set you in a good mood.
exercising can help remove low mood, anxiety, tension and feeling tired and lazy.
it is also connected to living a more life.
you do not need to run a marathon or play 90 minutes of soccer; a short walk or another gentle activity might do the trick.
take a peek at our exercise and sport section, or visit our events calendar, for suggestions and information about what is going on in your area.
## do something you liketry to create time to do the interesting things you enjoy.
if you like going for a stroll painting or a particular tv series, try to set aside time to enjoy your self.
if we do not spend any time doing things we enjoy, we can become irritable and miserable.
whether you need help to find out and about or not take a peek at our things to do part, or visit our events calendar, for suggestions and information on what's going on in your region.
connect with other people and be sociabletry an effort to keep good relationships and speak to people whenever you get the opportunity.
having friends is significant not simply for your own self-esteem, but also for providing support when you are not feeling too great.
studies have found that speaking to other people for just ten minutes may improve memory and test scores!
whether or not you find going out and meeting people difficult you may take a look at our social activities our events calendar for inspiration.
helping others is not just good for the people you're helping; it is very good for you too.
helping someone can help with your own self-esteem and make you feel great about your place in the world.
feeling like you are part of a community is a really important part of your psychological well being.
you can try volunteering for a local charity, or just being neighborly.
## ask for helpamong the most significant ways to keep yourself emotionally healthy is to recognize when you're not feeling good, and also to know when to ask for support.
there's no shame in asking someone for support if you are feeling stressed or low.
everybody goes through patches where they do not feel as good as they need to.
it is possible to try talking to your friends or family, or if you believe your mental health is getting on top of you then it is possible to talk to your gp.
 i’m in the process of launching a new app and would really appreciate your advice.
but first let me tell you why i felt the need to create the app in the first place.
how i hated zoom.
 when the covid craze set in a year ago, i was not ready.
i don’t about you, but transitioning from the life i was accustomed to, where everything was familiar and predictable, to remote work, in a matter of days, was stressful for me.
and i wasn’t alone in those feelings - my team also felt overwhelmed and stressed out with that sudden isolation in the constant company of the new (and uninvited) friend - zoom.
remember the extreme degree of uncertainty that prevailed at the onset of the lockdown?
we had no idea when the isolation would end, when we would get our lives back, when we would see our friends.
it took about a month for the anxiety to accumulate, and then one after another my employees started to drop out of the work process.
“sorry, i’m feeling down”, “not feeling well”, “can’t hand that in”etc.
then a girl burst into tears during one zoom conference, and after having a one-on-one talk with her, i realized that she was experiencing the same thing i was - anxiety and depression.
and we weren’t alone in that - a bigger part of my team was having a tough time dealing.
individual therapy.
ok, sure, i know that the answer to those problems is psychotherapy.
and yes, i had a therapist, but each session cost me, we met only once per week online, which felt insufficient to help me cope with all that crumbled on top of me.
i would go to my session, whine, complain, ask for advice, and then i was again alone, on my own.
then i tried to put myself in the shoes of my employees: they couldn't afford those costly sessions.
i know that a couple of them turned to affordable psychologists from social services, but felt little relief.
i don’t know, how this sounds to you at the moment - maybe a bit dramatic.
but a year ago, that’s exactly how it felt - almost like the world was ending.
anyway, my team and i ended up surfing the net for self-help articles to cope with our new reality - we actually launched a daily article exchange at our morning meetings.
idea for the app.
 that’s when i thought about affordable psychological support.
a service that would be available 24/7.
trustworthy information one could turn to when the anxiety kicked in.
i pitched this idea to my friend, who runs an it-company and we decided to develop a self-help app.
later we called it “therappy”.
the idea behind the app is to build a digital supplement for the therapist visits (or maybe even replace talk therapy altogether).
i realize how ambitious this endeavor might sound, but i think we did a good job with our first anti-anxiety course.
this is where i need your help - can you have a look at it and give me your feedback - however positive or negative it may be.
what do you think about this idea?
do you think it could work?
should we start growing the content in the app, reaching out to some other problems.
p.s.
i’m aware that an app like this is not suitable for people with clinical depression, suicidal ideation, or any other serious psychological or psychiatric conditions.
yes - people with serious conditions should consult a specialist.
from minor difficulties to significant disasters, anxiety is part of existence.
and as you can not always control your circumstances, you are able to control the way you react to them.
when anxiety becomes overwhelming, also it is chronic, it may take a toll on your own well-being.
that is why it's important to get effective stress relievers which could calm your brain and your own body.
and what works for you at home may not be a choice when you are at work or at the area (dance around your living area may be useful but dance at the grocery store may not be).
so it is important to get an assortment of pressure relief tools available.
following that, you will have the ability to select a plan that is most suitable for your present conditions.
short-term stress-relief plans you can do anywherewhether you are planning to be interviewed for a job or you are feeling overwhelmed by your children's behaviour in the playground, it is important to get some anxiety reduction tools which may decrease your anxiety at the moment.
the finest short-term plans:can be done anywheretake very small exercise to learnare liberatedgive immediate relieftry guided imageryguided imagery is similar to taking a brief holiday on mind.1﻿ it may entail imaging yourself being on your"happy place"--perhaps picturing yourself sitting on a beach, listening to the waves, smelling the sea, and feeling the hot sand beneath you.
guided imagery may be carried out with a recording in which you listen to a person help you through a calm scene.
or, as soon as you understand how to do it your self, you are able to practice guided imagery by yourself.
only close your eyes for a moment and walk through a calm scene.
think about all of the sensory experiences you would participate in and let yourself feel as if you are really there.
meditation brings short-term pressure relief in addition to lasting stress management advantages.
there are several distinct kinds of meditation to attempt --every is unique and attracts its own allure.2﻿you may develop a mantra which you repeat in your mind while you take slow deep breaths.
or, you could take a couple of minutes to practice mindfulness, which entails being in the present time.
if you are centered on the here-and-now, you will not have the ability to ruminate about something that happened and you can not be concerned about something later on.
meditation and mindfulness require exercise, but it might make a large difference in your overall stress level.
progressive muscle relaxation entails relaxing all the muscles in our bodies, group by grouping.3﻿ to practice, you can begin with a couple deep breaths.
afterward, exercise tightening and relaxing every muscle group, beginning with your brow and moving down to your feet.
with exercise, you will learn how to recognize tension and stiffness in your muscles and you will have the ability to relax more easily.
every time you exercise, nevertheless, you need to experience a sense of relaxation sweeping throughout your entire body.
&amp;#x200b;# concentrate on breathingsimply focusing on your breath or changing how you breathe could make a large difference to your general stress level.
breathing methods may calm your body and your mind in only a couple of moments.4﻿&amp;#x200b;the best news isthat nobody around you'll even know you are doing them.
so if you are at a stressful interview or you are sitting at a crowded theatre, breathing exercises may be crucial to reducing your anxiety.5﻿&amp;#x200b;while there are lots of different breathing exercises, such as karate breathing, a couple of straightforward ones include:&amp;#x200b;count slowly to three because you inhale.
hold for a minute and then slowly breathe out through your nose because you count to 3 .
imagine that atmosphere spreading throughout your entire body.
as you exhale, imagine that you are breathing out pressure and tension.
# have a walkexercise is an excellent stress reliever that may work in moments.
taking a walk permits you to enjoy a change of scenery, which may get you into a different mindset, and provides the benefits of exercise too.
&amp;#x200b;so if you simply have to have a stroll round the office to find a rest out of a bothersome undertaking or you opt to go for a long walk at the park after work, walking is a very simple but efficient method to rejuvenate your body and mind.6﻿&amp;#x200b;from the solitude of your home, there are lots of stress relief plans which could enable you to unwind fast.
so if you have had a difficult day on the job or you are worried about how much you've got to perform, these plans may provide you some instant relief from your own stress.
&amp;#x200b;physical contact may do a great deal to alleviate your anxiety.
&amp;#x200b;oxytocin is associated with high levels of pleasure and reduced levels of anxiety.
&amp;#x200b;oxytocin also causes a decrease in blood pressure.7﻿ it lowers the stress hormone norepinephrine and may make a feeling of relaxation.
&amp;#x200b;therefore don't be scared to request a loved one to get a hug if you require it.
it is very good for the two of you and it may be among the easiest kinds of anxiety relief accessible.
&amp;#x200b;aromatherapy has real advantages for stress relief--it might allow you to feel energized, more relaxed, or even much more existing at the present time.
&amp;#x200b;emerging research indicates certain scents can change brain wave action and reduce stress hormones within the body.8﻿&amp;#x200b;so whether you like candles, diffusers, or entire body products, look at integrating some aromatherapy in your day.
&amp;#x200b;# create artgetting in touch with your creative side might have been simple for you during youth, but if you've lost contact with your penchant for art, it is not too late to pick this up again.
&amp;#x200b;if you are not into painting or drawing, consider coloring in a coloring book.
adult coloring books have grown in popularity and for good reason--bleach could be a fantastic stress reliever.9﻿&amp;#x200b;research consistently indicates that coloring may have a meditative effect.
1 research discovered that stress levels drop in people who were coloring complicated geometric patterns, which makes it an ideal outlet for anxiety reduction.
&amp;#x200b;particular habits can promote resilience to pressure, in addition to increase overall wellbeing.
by way of instance, people who exercise or meditate frequently are somewhat less worried in the face of a challenging challenge.10﻿&amp;#x200b;so it is important to make a lifestyle which can allow you to ward off anxiety and cope with challenges in a healthful way.
&amp;#x200b;a bad diet may bring increased reactivity toward anxiety.
11﻿ emotional ingestion and reaching high-fat, high-sugar foods can offer a temporary sense of relief which adds to a long-term stress.
&amp;#x200b;processed carbohydrates, such as cookies and potato chips, can lead to a spike in blood glucose.
if your blood sugar crashes, you may experience more anxiety and nervousness.
&amp;#x200b;consuming a nutritious diet can help you fight anxiety over the long haul.
foods such as eggs, avocado, and walnuts encourage disposition regulation and energy balance.
&amp;#x200b;leisure activities can be an excellent way to alleviate stress.12﻿ however, a lot of men and women feel like their lives are too busy for games, hobbies, or even additional pleasure.
&amp;#x200b;but constructing time for leisure in your program could be crucial to helping you feel your best.
when you are feeling better, you are going to perform better, meaning leisure time can make your work time more effective.
&amp;#x200b;whether you discover delight in caring for a backyard or you enjoy making quilts, leisure and hobbies are crucial to living your very best life.
&amp;#x200b;# create a favorable self-talk habithow that you speak to your own issues.
harsh self-criticism, self-doubt, and devastating predictions are not valuable.
if you are always thinking things such as,"i do not have enough time for this," and"i can not endure this," you will worry out yourself.
&amp;#x200b;it is very important to learn how to speak to yourself at a more realistic, more compassionate way.
if you call yourself names or doubt your ability to be successful, answer with a kinder internal conversation.
&amp;#x200b;and a positive and compassionate dialogue can help you handle your emotions and take positive actions.
&amp;#x200b;# exercise yogayoga unites physical movement, meditation, mild exercise, and controlled breathing--most of which offer exceptional stress relief.13﻿&amp;#x200b;and as you are very likely to reap instant benefits from one yoga session, then you are very likely to get long-term gains if you integrate it into your own life in a constant manner.
&amp;#x200b;yoga provides a number of physical, emotional, and spiritual advantages.
to begin, you could take a course, enroll in an internet program, or utilize a program that will assist you start practicing.
&amp;#x200b;gratitude makes it possible to recognize all of the things you must be thankful for.
whether you are thankful for a bright day or grateful you came at work , think about all of the great things you need in life.
&amp;#x200b;gratitude also reminds one of each the tools you need to deal with anxiety, which is quite empowering.
&amp;#x200b;  #
hey guys i'm new to this subreddit but i'm a sophomore in highschool but plan to graduate at the end of next year.
the thing is though, i have 2 months left in the school year and have to finish 2 courses completely, thus allowing me to enroll into 2 more full year courses that i have to finish, along with all of my other classes.
also, i have to study for the sat and since keystones were cancelled due to lovely miss corona out here, i have to study for those, which are in september, for classes i haven't done in over a year.
on top of all of that, i have to start looking into colleges and scholarships and i'm 15!
there aren't many resources for 15 yr olds who have no clue what they are doing.
long story short, i'm completely burned out and stressed.
stressed to the point of sitting on the bathroom floor doing homework and inevitably throwing up.
at this point i can't go back and my parents think it is so exciting, but here i am at 3 am where i sleep all day and can't sleep at night like a flipping depressed bat.
help
i know i’m prone to stress, there’s a lot going on in life, and normally i’m great at recognizing it and stopping myself from getting in a tizzy, but yesterday i had one too many triggers and before i knew it my blood pressure reached almost critical.
i took my blood pressure on a whim, wasn’t even agitated.
bottom number was 104 (critical is 110, normal is &lt;80).
i’ve never seen it that high before.
i do my rapid blood pressure relief protocol and drive myself to the er.
lost an evening of sleep and was on bed rest all of today.
this is a friendly reminder to a) get your blood pressure checked when under stress and b) to take it easy.
your life is more important than any arbitrary schedule or deadline.
what’s important is that you’re functional so you can be functional for everyone else.
if that means taking a day off or asking someone for help do it.
screw my ego, i’m surrounding myself with more people to help take a load of my shoulders because sometimes temporary burdens are too much to shoulder alone.
i’m stress like really stress.
i just want say it somewhere.
it’s my first year of uni and there’s this one class i might end up failing i hate the class so much and i really don’t want to re take it😭 my mind is blank and i feel so unmotivated.
thinking about the future just makes me want to cry and cry 😭😭 i’m scared..
hey guys, i recently got a new job at an it firm.
but before confirming my role in the company, i have to take an assessment.
i am currently attending a training course for that.
some of the topics are completely new and they are taken in such a short amount of time.
i have so many assignments to finish.
i have been sleeping less than 5 hours everyday for the past one and a half months.
i think i have reached a breaking point.
i feel like throwing up all the time.
i am constantly on the brink of tears and feel so helpless.
with all of this going on, i cannot even prepare properly for the assessment.
i think i am loosing my mind
does your employer provide you with mental wellness resources?
what do they offer?
did you use them?
tia
i am so close to graduation, yet right now seems like the most stressful days of my life.
i have tons of homework every week, my parents will not let me quit my soul sucking internship until i find a new job, and i just found out my ex girlfriend broke up with me because of a guy she met at work.
i just feel so overwhelmed, i have been denied by like 10 different companies i’ve applied to for jobs i don’t even want.
i realized this year that the major i chose is not what i want to do in life, but my parents are insistent on me finding a job in that field.
today i applied to a local liquor store to hopefully be able to at least quit my internship.
i just needed to vent, so to anyone who reads this, thank you.
my body is so done with the stress: headaches, tight chest, palpitations, sleepless nights.. i’m living in the fog between coffee and cigarettes (which i’ve taken up again only this week).
i get stressed easily, i have few responsibilities and i try to keep life simple, but when it hits it hits me hard.
i just needed somewhere to write things down, and there’s no place is better than a public forum.
hopefully someone out there will relate, although i’m not sure anyone can help.
i have little to no work at the moment thanks to the virus, i have an exhibition planned in a different city next month that i feel unprepared for, i have an essay due next month as well that i’m struggling with, and my pc (no which all this relies) decided to crash last night.
it works now, but the sudden instability threw me, and i feel like it could happen again at any moment.
i’m not spiraling, but my body is so run down.
if i could get in gear to do some work then i could maybe work through it, my stress is usually around not meeting deadlines.
but every time i pick up again something else gets thrown into the works and the stress comes back..
so i’m in the process of buying things for my new apartment.
it’s my first time moving and i will admit it has been just a tad bit stressful.
these last two nights i woke up with one sided painful headaches.
could this be due to overthinking and keeping stress within me?
i don’t typically get these headaches while sleeping/waking up.
thanks.
i have become so overwhelmed with life lately.
between the multiple jobs, a competitive college program (dms certification) i'm hoping to apply for soon, and a court date that i'm waiting on, i am constantly on edge.
i just don't know what i'm going to do it things fall apart... i've fallen into a depressive state and i don't know how to shake it.
the crying is constant and sleep without nightmares is rare.
how should i get myself back to normal?
i don’t want to explain why i’m stressed right now, it’s too painful.
i do have it in my post history if needed.
i can’t eat, it’s been three days since i’ve eaten.
i just tried to eat some potato soup, but i took about 10~ bites (i didn’t count, it’s just a guess) and now i’m in the bathroom.
i’m not throwing up, but it went straight through me.
i slept five hours the first night, but i passed out later that day while typing up a letter.
i took a three hour nap, and then i stayed up for about four hours.
when i fell asleep that time i slept for twelve hours.
i don’t feel the need or the want to eat, but i know i need to.
i need my strength and energy.
i’m just so nauseous with stress and anxiety.
my chest is tight and it feels like someone is squeezing my heart.
today is day three that i have felt this way.
it has felt like so much longer.
it hurts to breathe.
my stomach is so upset that i can’t stay out of the bathroom.
i’m trying to get in with better help online therapy, but i need help now.
i need to be able to think straight and cope until i can get into therapy
i’ve lost all my motivation to learn, and even if i do find it, i can never focus.
i don’t particularly enjoy learning, but i can understand that it is something i have to do to get good grades, but i’ve never had such a though time making myself study.
i have some exams this april, and my parents keep on pressuring me to study, they tell me that if i get less than 90%, they’ll ground me.
they’re even telling me to not do my homework and just study.
i’m trying, i really am, but whenever i finish reading a bit, it’s just as if i’ve never read it.
whenever i do a practice test, i read the question, and i answer something completely off (as in the question asks me to write the smallest value, but i write the 3rd biggest and i don’t even notice my mistake).
i don’t know what to do to get my motivation and concentration back.
i keep imagining myself getting high grades and making my parents proud, or studying and understanding everything, but i can’t focus, and i can’t actually get myself to be that person that i’m trying to be to make parents like me, which stresses me so bad (i don’t want them to ignore me for days because of a grade, i also don’t want to be grounded and get accused of not studying even though i did).
on empty all the time.
just tired and ready to go.
the world’s a mess.
so am i. all i see is an endless loop of chaos, greed, selfishness, lies most of it hidden behind a positive disguise and the rest out in the open for people to see.
people who ignore it and deny it so they could live in their perfect world.
pure selfishness, no patience for understanding, no time for studying without prejudice, standard set spoiling the mind of some destroying the whole experience of life for all.
if most of you died today you wouldn’t know what the truth is because you spent more time trying to ignore it, rather than accepting and trying to fix it.
because it’s just easier to let it all play out that way in your head.
put yourself in other people’s shoes.
care for others.
show appreciation.
protect those who need protecting.
accept the truth.
deal with it.
improve, then live your life with a mind wide open, and with eyes that can actually see.
i suffer from anxiety, stress and insomnia.
 i found these short meditation videos on youtube to help me out immensely .
these guided meditation videos help me calm my thoughts and get to sleep faster.
i loved these meditations so much i found making a youtube channel with this type of content would help me stay consistent with my meditation practice.
here is my latest video.
any and all feedback is welcome.
thanks!
&amp;#x200b;[
i moved to another place in 2020, i didn’t care much for the change of environment and it’s not like i cared much for my old schoolbut the thing is, while i was in quarantine (early 2021) i had developed an unstable emotionality state.
i became more sensitive and yk that stuffwhen i finally enrolled in my new school, it didnt help shit.
all they did was give me assignments on top of assignments while i was still trying to fix my emotional stability, it didnt help anything.
i hate it here, everything is so different from where i was born and lived there for all of my life.
i haven’t made any friends, and all my teachers just rule me out as the new student who is lazy and dumb even though i’m trying my best to keep up after losing one year of education to quarantine.
my mother never asked about how i felt before ever deciding to move all of us all the way here.
shits been rough.
looking back at the last 10 years all i can think is, why couldn't i just fucking chillllll i ran full speed into every bad decision, made every wrong choice.
every life lesson i've learned i learned the hard way.. and am still paying for all of it.
i basically threw it all out the window.
all the important things.
education, family, freedom.
no education, betrayed family, i'm dependent on the government and kindness of a coworker to support my 2 little boys and myself, my job doesn't pay the rent to say the least, but i've got not qualifications, no ged or hs diploma.
i guess my point is i'm so stressed and i need a break so badly.
i'm tearing up writing this part, ugh.
anyway.. im not religious but i beg god to give me a break dozens of times a day.
but i don't think i deserve a break.
i think i deserve to feel this pain and worry after hurting all the people who cared about me so much, and making bad life decisions leads to consequences.. now i'm living with my consequences and it's so horrible..i just want to scream and cry.
but instead i go under the blanket like now, write down my thoughts and try to breathe it out and think of good things i can do to fix it.
i need to studyi need to get my ged certificatei need to find a job i need to get my licensei need to move somewhere with good schoolsi need to create a stable life for my boys before struggling is all they can remember.
i am a graduate student at pace university conducting a research study exploring in-school mental health service access and use among american students.
if you are between the ages of 18 and 24 and currently enrolled in school, you may participate in this study by taking an online survey.
the survey will take approximately 15 minutes to complete.
[please feel free to pass this survey link on to anyone you know that may be interested in participating.
i greatly appreciate your time.
thank you!
 new yorkers: are you feeling worried, sad, anxious, or depressed?
teachers college, columbia university is offering no-cost telehealth therapy as part of a research study for individuals across new york state that are struggling with emotional distress during the covid-19 pandemic.
if you are an adult between the ages of 18-65, you may be eligible to receive this innovative treatment from specially trained clinicians.
eligible participants will be compensated for brief questionnaires before and after therapy.
between therapy sessions, participants will be invited to utilize a novel internet- and mobile-based platform to supplement treatment.
for more information and to fill out a pre-screen questionnaire, please visit:
when i get overwhelmed and anxious i feel like there are a million thoughts in my head that i can’t control.
it feels like yelling and even sounds i can’t explain.
there is pressure around my ears and kind of a ringing sound, and i get a feeling at the bottom of my back.
my brain feels all jumbled like someone is stirring it.
i’ll be studying and it’s so hard to focus on school when this happens.
i'm looking for participants to complete my phd survey that explores how an individuals early life experiences affects his/her psychological health.
this will help me devise management strategies to be used as self-help techniques to overcome distress in future.
if you could spare 15 min to complete this.
link is: [
i have a serious trauma of losing my 1.5 year old pet (who died of unknown reason), and ever since then i can't sleep well at night (this is all amplified by my own irl issues with job and family).
started taking trazodone 50mg 3 days ago, while i can sleep more than 5 hours a day now, i still wake up early.
i spoke with doctor, my family etc.
nothing is helping with the nightmares.
suggestions?
dear all,i really love my girlfriend, but sometimes she becomes unbearable due to acute stress.
this morning she lost her keys of her brand new e-bike and she got really angry (not at me just angry, but at times like this she cannot reason properly).
due to her light form of autism she really is bad at stress management, especially when something happens what she feels is out of her control (like losing brand new e-bike keys 😉)while i feel managing stress and trying to solve the problem rather than getting angry/sad/dissapointed etc etc  is an important skill in life.
i myself never get stressed out of my mind and just try to make a new plan and try until i succeed, i just don't understand why and how she gets angry and sadly don't know how to properly help her.
is there somebody that can help me help her?
severe stressed has aged me tremendously in the past year, i look years older in such a short time.
how can i reverse this?
i’m a commuter student in college and have 10 assignments due this week...and thy are large projects.
3 of them require me to be on campus and meet with people, which takes more time away from the other ones.
i wake up bombarded with texts and people asking me to do stuff.
i’m so exhausted and stressed that i can’t even think about completing one.
i wake up miserable and barely have any time for myself.
what is the perfect age to get married from your oppinion ?
i escaped a toxic job in which i spent a period of years under constant high time pressure, high stress and high frustration, now i have chest pain anytime i am under time pressure at work or self inflicted time pressure, if something is taking too long/longer than i thought, i get frustrated and instantly feel chest pain.
like my body has decided that is the correct instant response, to go to full panic mode and i am constantly expecting to feel it.
mentioned it to doctor once they said if i don't feel it during exercise (which i don't) they are not worried.
any tips?
looking to get feedback on emotional intelligence and stress reduction course creation.
your feedback will help us produce content that will help people be happier and smarter.
here is the survey: [there are only eight (8) questions on the survey, and there is certainly nothing to buy.
we will send you a gift to thank you for your help!
grateful for your support!
i am a korean high school student in junior year.
we have to study everyday for 3years to pass one test which every student aims for the same 3 schools.
we have english tests that native speakers can’t even solve.
math problems that normal people do in university.
and i have no output for all the pressure and stress.
we don’t have time for sports, our government blocked all the p0rn sites, and everyone from our parents to the random owner of a cafe take away our phones and tell us to go study.
i need an answer asap
i have a new part time job at a restaurant and i'm stressed about a few things:1) i'm going to start training to be a kitchen manager.
i'm 17 and have never had a job before, so this is a bit intimidating.
though the pay will be nice.
2) a girl i'm training with (the restaurant hasnt opened yet and i applied for a general position, was chosen by a trainer for the promotion) really wants this position and i dont want to make things awkward.
3) they're kind of pushing these labor laws.
i'm working shifts that are past midnight and between 6.5 and 8 hours for 5 days in a row.
that would be fine if i didnt have school and could drive.
but they're really up to the limit.
so, i guess i'm just asking for advice.
has anyone been in a similar position, or can help me juggle work, school, and managing to somehow keep up my artistic hobbies until school is over in 2 months?
i'm kind of panicking.
i just played some music and started listing everything i need to do with dates.
it's honestly a lot of work and with midterms coming up next week it's overwhelming.
what are some strategies you do?
for now, i'm like "what is sleep?"
but i know sleeping is also important.
as the title says, i'm interested in looking into different natural vitamins/supplements i can take that might help reduce my stress levels/give me a better sense of calm.
i've looked into supplements such as 5-htp, ashwagandha, and magnesium but have heard mixed reviews about all of them.
are there any that have worked for any of you out there?
 child hood traumas, events that happened or even words that were said a long time ago, can hurt and carry through into adulthood, robbing us of our aliveness and spontaneity, there is a tendency to store the energy of an unresolved trauma by locking it in the body.
even if the situation happened only once, an unreleased and unresolved trauma can become trapped within the body and its energy field, causing tension, stress and possibly diseasereleasing this stored, suppressed or blocked energy is a healthy, natural process that allows a person to resolve issues and to become more alive.
one simple method to release this energy is by clearing it from your meridians (channels through which flows energy((spiritual chills, euphoria, voluntary goosebumps, ecstasy, prana, chi, qi, vayus, aura, mana, life force, pitī, rapture, ruah, ether, nephesch, chills, goosebumps, the force.))
if you are interested into doing this free and simple method here's a [youtube video]( for you.
hi everyone!
we are a group of four students at the research university of amsterdam, currently examining stress during pregnancy.
we are mainly looking at how it may affect you and your baby, and how to prevent or reduce it.
feel free to write a comment in the comment section, or to contact us!
thank you.
hello all, a week ago we posted our first research survey on stress and heart conditions in this subreddit.
we are very grateful and humbled by the community response.
thank you to everyone who participated, for your willingness to help our early-stage research.
we have just begun a new survey, more focused on solutions (still in early development) for stress management among those suffering from heart conditions.
it has more questions than the previous one, but it should take 3 minutes or less to fill in.
if you feel that stress management is relevant for your heart condition(s), and if you have 3 minutes to spare, we would highly value your participation in our survey: [thank you very much!
how to increase self-confidence, regulate emotions, develop a growth mindset [link found here](www.lisabergstrom.com)join my private facebook pageupdate: i don’t know why people can be so closed minded.
i guess there’s a lot of scumbags out there so i actually do get it.
but it’s helping a lot of people and it’s for free.
if you’re against the self promotion, then use the the program “the 21 day brain detox,” which is the technique that we use.
so today i’m stressing and having a painful headache.
today my whole family says i’m “codo” (mexican street word of saying cheap) that it hurts for me to spend money on my mother.
which is half true it hurts but i at least give her something like right now i’ve been doing better on give her some money so she can buy herself something or when i bought her pans because she needed pans.
but this week i failed for her birthday because i didn’t willingly offered to buy the cake or pay a whole lasagna (because my dad kept asking how much he owes me so i said we can split the check however that was wrong because it was a test if i was willingly going to offer in paying the whole meal) that my mom wanted.
they say i’m cheap but i always buy stuff that my family likes even though yeah hurts me but if they want it i will buy it.
right now i guess this is me just to vent.
i don’t know what to do to prove to my parents that i’m not cheap and that i have been buying stuff willingly for my mother.
my father says i still have mother’s day and christmas to do it correctly i guess.
but for today my moms birthday i got her a necklace that said mom and a birthday card.
it stresses me out because they say that i haven’t changed but i feel like i’ve doing very small baby steps in changing this bad characteristic of me but they expect me to drastically change because i guess it’s a habit that they never taught me to break at a young age.
i don’t think i’m a penny pincher but i know it hurts when my bank account goes down but i mean i know my mom would do the same for me in buying stuff that i would like.
i’m horrible with presents and sometimes i wish my mom could give me strong hints in what she wants and give me an idea what to give her.
but can someone help out on how to change this habit and prove my parents i’m not a cheapskate on my mom for special occasions or when she is wanting them.
and how can i be more aware on what she wants.
hello everyone, i am a senior student in dar jana international school, and i am doing this survey as a part of data collection for my english graduation research project.
my topic focuses on highlighting the relation between chronic stress and adaptive immunity in adolescents.
please fill out this survey as this will take no longer than two minutes.
 new yorkers: are you feeling worried, sad, anxious, or depressed?
teachers college, columbia university is offering no-cost telehealth therapy as part of a research study for individuals across new york state that are struggling with emotional distress during the covid-19 pandemic.
if you are an adult between the ages of 18-65, you may be eligible to receive this innovative treatment from specially trained clinicians.
eligible participants will be compensated for brief questionnaires before and after therapy.
between therapy sessions, participants will be invited to utilize a novel internet- and mobile-based platform to supplement treatment.
for more information and to fill out a pre-screen questionnaire, please visit:
info from andew huberman with my own tipstake a large nasal breath (to 99%) followed by a second shorter more vigorus breath (to 100%) so your lungs are at 100% capacity.
immediately relax your diafram and let the air go slowly controling the air escape with you lips, aim to extend the exhale and go really slowly towards the end, pause, and repeat.
mechanism of action:emphaising the exhale and making it longer is important because as when the diaphram is relaxed and shortened it creates more space in the chest cavity, giving more space to the heart, the vegus nerve signals the brain the hearts expansion and vaso dilation, and slows down heart rate to maintain stroke volume.
the opposite happens with inhale when the heart is more cramped.
the effect of controling the exhale with your mouth rather than the diaphram is to have the diaphram relaxed and shortened quicker and for longer, thus giving the heart more space for longer.
the effect of the double inhale is to repop any alveoli and offload more co2, which can build up during stress and can contribute to it, forming a positive feedback loop.
i have a constant pain in both sides of my jaw as i apparently clench my teeth too much when stressed.
i also seem to clench in my sleep and it’s getting to the point where i have to take breaks in the middle of eating because it hurts too much.
unfortunately the stressors in my life aren’t something i can get rid of or really lessen for a while.
anyone have any advice on training myself not to clench, especially in my sleep, or any tips on massaging the jaw?
hey everyone,not going to be a really long post.
i just wanted to know how people deal when it feels like everything is falling around them?
how do you deal when it feels like it’s too much?
i can’t seem to find a good way.
24m if that helps with advice.
any help is greatly appreciated.
i have been stressed for far too long.
it’s chronic.
recently my penis and groin has become numb.
i was concentrating on it for so long as well.
i don’t take medication.
i took some ashwaganda prior the numbness but numbness began 1.5 months later taking ashwaganda.
i was wondering the root cause of my problem might be stress related?
i checked for everything including ms neuropathy and other problems.
i ruled out everything.
anyone has a similar experience?
my sensations do not change throughout the day the sensitivity is just same.
i'm looking for participants to complete my phd survey that explores how an individuals early life experiences affects his/her psychological health.
this will help me devise management strategies to be used as self-help techniques to overcome distress in future.
if you could spare 15 min to complete this.
link is: [
hi everyone!
we are a group of four students at the research university of amsterdam, currently examining stress during pregnancy.
we are mainly looking at how it may affect you and your baby, and how to prevent or reduce it.
feel free to write a comment in the comment section, or to contact us!
thank you.
i started my new year last september.
every single day i have been in school i have felt incredibly sad and stressed, even when in my free periods where i have no lessons.
i have no idea why when i’m surrounded by good friends and my boyfriend.
when i return home, i still feel sad and alone from the day.
it is a constant cycle of me feeling alone, tired, stressed, sad alllll the time!
i am sick of feeling like this.
i have tried talking to my tutor who i see every morning, and the head of my year.
however nothing seems to have changed.
friday’s are my worst days as i have a lesson which i frequently have anxiety attacks in.
i want to stop feeling this way :( is there anyway i could possibly have less stress?
thank you in advance :) tl;dr = i struggle with stress and anxiety everyday at school, how can i change this?
 hey everyone!
got a quick one for you today.
have you ever tried breathwork before?
breathwork is a super simple and effective intro to meditation.
it’s a great starting place because it gives you something to focus on, and produces effects you can feel right away!
so stop what you’re doing and try this out real quick!
inhale for 6 seconds, then quickly exhale for 2 seconds.
repeat this about 20 times, or as long as you want!
you should feel way more grounded and calm afterwards!
let me know if this helped you :)
in short, i go to a very stressful and rigorous school.
normally this wouldn’t be a problem, but because of covid and my already poor mental health it has left me very stressed pretty much all of the time.
even though i was mentally ill before this, i was mostly just depressed and very sad.
but now, i am experiencing things like constantly feeling dirty, dissociating, and having severe and very vivid nightmares.
i am also having constant flashbacks of very negative memories that i can’t seem to get out of my head.
i am supposed to go to therapy every week, but because of my school schedule i only go once a month, and sometimes even less frequently than that.
i am really not sure what to do.
i feel like school is cutting off my ability to get help or do anything that i enjoy, which would greatly reduce my stress.
this survey is regarding the human study of expressing mental &amp; physical symptoms to identify the amount of stress, anxiety &amp; depression.
this study will help many people to know the factors associated with their mental health paving their way to tacke or overcome their issues.
take a stand to contribute your bit to the society.
[link for the survey] (thanking you
i’m always super stressed out about a test and i have very very very and i quote “very” bad anxiety before a quiz, test, or exam.
i couldn’t even concentrate on the class i had today before my exam.
my heart rate probably increased to 150, i can’t sit still, and i have horrible butterflies in my stomach.
it gets to a point where i somehow mess up easy questions in a lot of my tests.
i think i felt a bit faint as well :/
hi everyone!
we are a group of four students at the research university of amsterdam, currently examining stress during pregnancy.
we are mainly looking at how it may affect you and your baby, and how to prevent or reduce it.
feel free to write a comment in the comment section, or to contact us!
thank you.
&amp;#x200b;[
see title.
&amp;#x200b;i have been with this girl for 4 months and we are both the age of 20 in college.
our relationship has been amazing before the past couple of weeks.
i am really close to losing her because i am just not good at being emotional support for her.
since school started in february, she works part time 25 hours a week while taking 19 credits as a stem major, and contributes to a sorority.
she has no time for anything and has just been so overwhelmed.
she gets about 4 hours of sleep a night and is falling behind in her classes.
every night she has panic attacks and is just so insanely stressed and a lot of the times she says she can't do life and says she is going to kill herself.
our relationship is semi-long distance.
i am able to visit her every other week and be able to spend time with her for 6 days.
i feel i am a lot better at being emotional support for her in person rather than over text or over the phone.
she tells me that i am making it harder for her mentally because i am just really bad at talking her through it.
she also says that i give her more stress because when i talk to her i make her feel bad that she is behind in her classes.
our relationship is on thin ice and she keeps telling me that we are not going to make it.
i potentially have covid so i will not be able to see her for a while.
i am just looking for some advice on how to talk to her.
i am in love with this girl and i just always see past the mentally hurt girl.
when she is mentally healthy she is just the sweetest, funniest, appreciative and loving girl.
we have a lot of potential in our future and i really don't want to lose that.
does anyone have some good advice or links for how to talk to someone who is insanely stressed and depressed?
i need time off but have no idea how to go about it (uk)
i am very anxious and very stressed about the future.
i want to leave from my actual job and to find another job where i am more confident in me.
i am already very stressed about a future interview about a future job and how i will get along with my colleges.
i sleep very bad and i dream about a lot of negative stuff which makes me turn around in my bad all night long.
i already meditate following headspace app.
what can i do more to relax?
i just want some good nights sleep.
and to be more relaxed about my future.
please help a brother out.
hello, we are a small team of researchers investigating stress management among people with cardiovascular/heart conditions.
if you suffer from a (or multiple) heart condition(s), and have 2-3 minutes to spare, we would greatly appreciate your response to this survey.
thank you!
just like everyone else, my life's been pretty stressful the last year.
ive usually dealt with stress and anxiety by doing relaxing things (to me) like looking at memes, reading, and playing the piano (i'm very bad at it, but i like to follow youtube tutorials)recently i've noticed that anytime i've tried to learn a new piece or do something more complex while playing, i've immediately become very anxious, my heart beat speeds up, and i get very uncomfortable.
this is all very weird because i've never had these "panic attack" type things (i know it's not a real panic attack, and i'm not trying to diminish a real one, it's just the best "euphemism" i can come up with), and i've never had a problem learning more complex things on the piano.
is it normal to eventually feel stressed by something that used to do the opposite?
theres no one forcing me to play the piano, no obligations to it, and nothing that should make me feel stressed about it.
i’m in college and i have a light load of classes, especially considering loads other students have.
it’s insanely difficult for me to keep up while working 35 hours a week, but i have no choice.
i need the money.
this week i finally got myself out of a depressive episode enough to get work done since i had some extra time off work this week.
i was doing good.
but i got into a car accident early in the week and i’ve just been so insanely fucked up mentally ever since and stressed about the financials of fixing my car that i have missed several major assignments in a class i was already super behind in.
it’s math, a subject i struggle in enough as it is, and i just can’t seem to catch up.
i requested less hours at work so i’m only going to be working 20-25 hours a week but my professor just gives so much homework and shrugs me, specifically, off.
i don’t want to fail this class.
i turn everything in late even if i know it’s taking a good chunk of my grade off but fuck.
i’m exhausted and can’t sleep, i have no appetite (i have eaten maybe one proper meal in the last 4 days), and i just feel like i’m at my breaking point and literally nobody understands.
everyone just says “haha me too college sucks 🤪” but i’m at a point i wish i just don’t wake up in the morning.
i don’t know what else to do.
i feel like i’m drowning.
my whole life i’ve always felt stressed.
say i’m super stressed about getting an assignment done the night before and i do get it done, i never feel relaxed.
the same “stressed” feeling stays.
i always feel like there’s something i could be doing with my time.
does anyone else feel like this?
need a job so i m just sterssing about it, how can u guys deal with it ?
with unemployment.
i was going through town at 25 mph in my lifted tacoma with larger tires and had to completely stomp on the brakes!
i barely saw this college student walk through the intersection and he kept walking!
even with me slamming the brakes!!
my god i came within like 6-8ft of hitting this guy!
i cant stop checking my truck for damage even though i didn't hit him.
also my breathing and sweaty hands cant calm down, neither my heart rate.
have any of you tried fidget toys for stress relief??
hello,&amp;#x200b;i hope i follow the rules as this is my first post here.
i just need to let out how worried i am rn.
i'll put a tldr at the end because this will be a doosie.
&amp;#x200b;the following paragraph is just backstory/who i am:&amp;#x200b; i'm 23, straight male, just finished college (bachelor's in general studies).
also i'm a talented musician and have had somewhat of a small business going for a couple years now, utilizing a variety of instrumental and technical audio engineering skills.
i live on my own, single, in a nice little apartment and drive a 2010 malibu.
music is a legit income, and i also drive as a doordash driver.
i'm fresh out of school and applying for entry jobs in finance and social work.
in the meantime, i  got an easy job part time at a restaurant my best friend works at.
my circle of friends is typical and i have an amazing immediate family (2 bros, 1 sis, all same parents) my credit score is considered 'good' on the scale thingy&amp;#x200b;seems like i'm doing not too shabby right?
hahahahahah no.
let me get into my stressors now.
&amp;#x200b;let's start with ones that folks know of.
i have ptsd that tends to sideline me out of nowhere.
it sucks, but i've been pushing thru since the event happened at 17. everyone who loves me knows the details and supports me well.
they also understand that the entrepreneurial lifestyle i have chosen puts a lot of stress on me.
they know how hard i work and the sacrifice it takes.
i'm the black sheep brother/friend who is always 'too busy'.
along with every human, the coco sniffles have also been a dark cloud over my life the past year or so.
&amp;#x200b;so i have mental illness and a busy schedule weighing on me.
join the club, right?
life is hard and i'd say the things above add up to pretty 'normal' stress factors as a human.
but these are the tip of the ice burg.
let's break down the real demons below (trigger warning for addicts).
&amp;#x200b;let's start with the college thing.
since ptsd had me bed-ridden right after high school graduation, my mom pretty much held my hand and pushed me into an easy college program.
i'm not bitter with her, but that in itself could be a whole post.
i just question the decision these days because my love for music is pretty much all my existance contains.
most people assume i had a full ride to the degree since both of my older siblings have grad degrees and are doctors.
everyone supported my college journey like a 'plan b' as i kept hustlin music on the side.
well, that degree put me 20k in debt and idk if i'll even use it.
time will tell, but it's just eating me alive realizing that for the next two decades i may literally spend 5 microphone booths worth of cash on a degree that just sits there.
so yea, big debt lingering from school and lots of people don't know the details.
&amp;#x200b;next up, cars.
it looks like i own it but i'm making monthly payments on my current car.
those payments are set to go to my sister, who owned it before me, for 9 months (hopefully i pay off early).
that one is nothin' compared to the first car i ever bought, which i kinda regret buying.
i owe 9k on a 2016 ford focus that is now on a lot because i totaled it in december (remember december - key detail).
i had full coverage but the deductable was huge, like 2k.
i literally don't know how tf im ever going to pay back the lender if it amounts to thousands and they won't take payments.
being self-employed all of 2020 has me up a creek regarding acquiring loans.
i've been denied so many times i'm on hold with it, knowing too many inquiries can ding credit score.
the worst thing is that it's march.
it's march and i'm still waiting on a financial result from a car accident that happened in december&amp;#x200b;speaking of credit, i've been excellent at keeping balances low on the 2 small credit cards i have .
until about a week ago.
this will make sense shortly.
&amp;#x200b;now for the real grit .
i've been battling porn addiction since around 14. so pretty much 10 years of just trying to get through each day without jerking it to fake people pretending to have sex.
i won't go into detail with the porn thing, just know that it's pretty much my darkest vice and with every fleeting moment i ask myself: will i ever break the habbit?
i mean, i'm not a "3 hours every night" addict but i can't stop.
i can't stop fleeing to it on occasion.
i feel like a monster and an out-of-control sex addict.
you may wonder, at this point, and to answer your question: no i was never sexually abused (ptsd is from something way different) and i've had a pretty normal sex life/dating history.
but man, i can't say no to the porn screen sometimes.
at my lowest point, which was last week or so, i paid a bunch of money trying to buy sex from snapchat hookers.
they all either fell through or scammed me (probably a blessing).
if this vice keeps winning, will it get worse?
where is this drug taking me?
i don't like thinking about those questions, because this unseen drug is one of the most life-threatening ones (see r/nofap).
it's my secret vice.
no one sees it, but it's a constant war.
the hookers are where those credit cards went, by the way .
&amp;#x200b;lastly, substance abuse.
i'm pretty moderate with drinking alcohol and smoking weed, but recently i've found myself wanting to drink and smoke as self-medication.
until recently, it was just a drink here or there with friends.
for the first time in my life i am seeing these activities creep in as an escape from reality.
this is a new realization, and i haven't spoken to anyone.
i could be overthinking this one, but man, i've seen too many victims go off the deep end before even realizing what the heck was going on.
to my friends, i know i probably seem perfectly normal.
but they haven't seen the couple of times i completely blacked out all alone.
while they're at work and assume i'm driving/in studio, that's not always the case.
every once in a while i just mope around smoking loads of weed and watching you-know-what.
&amp;#x200b;in conclusion, i feel like on the surface, i look like a confident young man with a lot going for him, and not a lot of red flags.
but in my soul i can feel these lethal vices coming to get me.
i haven't been this stressed since my ptsd incident at 17. i know this has been a long post, so if you're still here, i genuinely appreciate you.
any comments are appreciated as well.
&amp;#x200b;bless.
stay safe everyone&amp;#x200b;tldr: i'm a pretty normal guy (i think) but finance, porn, and alcohol and weed are starting to stress me out and i'm afraid i'm spiraling into a not-good place.
  new yorkers: are you feeling worried, sad, anxious, or depressed?
teachers college, columbia university is offering no-cost telehealth therapy as part of a research study for individuals across new york state that are struggling with emotional distress during the covid-19 pandemic.
if you are an adult between the ages of 18-65, you may be eligible to receive this innovative treatment from specially trained clinicians.
eligible participants will be compensated for brief questionnaires before and after therapy.
between therapy sessions, participants will be invited to utilize a novel internet- and mobile-based platform to supplement treatment.
for more information and to fill out a pre-screen questionnaire, please visit:
i’ve worked at my company since i was in college.
going on 5 years now.
i’ve build my way up and into some real shit this past year.
i know my ins and out which is great but too much responsibility.
great large company popularity wise, not too many employees.
i just think they are completely over working us.
higher compensation wouldn’t even help at this point.
i am working like 10 hour days and cannot get a break.
it’s now affecting my sleep since i’m so stressed.
headaches throughout the day because i’m stressed and cannot get myself to fall asleep.
ugh aside from just quitting what do you people do to ease your stress?
were you impacted by the coronavirus?
are you struggling with anxiety or depression about the coronavirus or social distancing?
help cwru researchers learn more about the impact of the coronavirus by filling out our online questionnaires!
we hope to use this research study to learn more about how individuals have been impacted by recent events related to the coronavirus.
participation involves taking daily, brief 10-15-minute surveys.
each completed survey enters you into a raffle to win one of four $25 gift cards.
you can participate by going to [
now i feel stress.
my teacher did not believe the reason i gave.
actually, my teacher made a google meet for math class.
but i can't join google meet because i'm outside.
i said i was outside to my teacher, but he said that i was always just giving him a reason.
i don't know what else to do.
i'm stressed.
i hope, i will get friends in these apps.
will you all be my friends ???
i hope we can be friends.
my mother did not allow me to make friends with people i did not know.
but, i hope you all are willing to be my friends.
i really want to be friends with you all.
😊😊
were you impacted by the coronavirus?
are you struggling with anxiety or depression about the coronavirus or social distancing?
help cwru researchers learn more about the impact of the coronavirus by filling out our online questionnaires!
we hope to use this research study to learn more about how individuals have been impacted by recent events related to the coronavirus.
participation involves taking daily, brief 10-15-minute surveys.
each completed survey enters you into a raffle to win one of four $25 gift cards.
you can participate by going to [
 i'm currently in a biostatistics class and need help from anyone and everyone willing to fill out a quick questionnaire.
all you have to do is click on the link below, fill out a quick survey about stress in a college setting, and click submit!
\-all of the surveys are completely anonymous.
 \-even if you're not in college right now, think about when you were and answer based on the last year you attended.
\-all submissions are appreciated as i need at least 100 responses in order to have enough data.
thank you!
sleeping music with water sounds, calming music, meditation music, relaxation.
deep sleep music for insomnia.
this track can be used for sleep, relaxing, meditation, yoga and more.
stress relief music, healing music, calming music helps relieve stress, fatigue and tension.
close your eyes and jump into a deep state of calm and relaxation and meet your healing sleep.
can i take melatonin and a low dose of xanax together ?
what is your definition of drunk?
how does alcohol make you feel/ behave?

idk if this is going to get any response but i’ve lost motivation to do any schoolwork, i fail a test and i just don’t care, a few weeks ago i got straight as for that six weeks and i was over the moon about it and now i’m just dying from the sudden demotivation.
i want to have the motivation to get stuff done in life but i feel totally burnt out on everything after a single class.
if anyone has experienced this and/or knows what to do please help
i have been waking up at 2:30 in the morning in the last two weeks.
if i am lucky,  i've slept 4 hours.
then i am up and down for the rest of the night.
apparently, i am having night terrors where i am fighting and yelling in the hours that i do sleep.
i  didn't know that.
that generally only happens when i am very stressed out.
does anyone have any hints on what i can do before going to sleep that will relax me enough to sleep through the night?
increasing the intensity of my exercise helped reduce my stress.
i hope this suggestion will help you too.
i have been crazy stressed since 2012. it got so bad last year that i couldn't stop over thinking and would get really upset about things.
i tried talking to someone, journaling, mild exercise, colouring books, meditation, chanting, etc... everything helped a little but for the most part the stress was still affecting my sleep, motivation and outlook on things.
recently i was out and about with friends, walking in the sun and taking in nature.
i was so exhausted by the end of it, that my stress and constant thinking stopped.
the next morning i was still quite calm.
so i decided to start walking 4km per a day to maintain that level of calm.
it's been a week and so far so good.
i fall asleep within minutes of getting into bed and i am still calm the next morning.
i had to deal with a stressful situation today but i was so calm, i was able to add humour and make everyone else feel relaxed as well.
that is just human thinking-relating things to containers.
have you ever considered that the soul, being far more powerful than the body, actually holds the body together and surrounds it?
if you have considered that the soul and mind are larger than the body and brain, have you ever considered where they end?
how many feet away from your body?
or is it how many miles away?
or how many light years away from your body does your soul end?
during meditation, i practiced moving in my body this energy (that usually comes with goosebumps from positive situations) which many know under the term:spiritual chills, euphoria, voluntary goosebumps, ecstasy, prana, chi, qi, vayus, aura, mana, life force, pitī, rapture, ruah, ether, nephesch, chills, goosebumps, the force.
i sensed the awareness of my body expand and eventually my awareness had become so big it felt like i was a giant.
at times it would feel as if i was doing front flips and other times as if my consciousness rejoined a higher version of myself which was much more bigger than my physical body.
i made this [youtube video]( if you wanna learn more about this energy, how easy it can be felt, how meditating with gratitude and manipulating this energy helped me "shift my awareness from my physical form to my higher self."
i am always thinking about growing up, growing old, and death.
there is not one second of the day that i am not thinking about death.
everybody keeps saying ''oh focus on the present.''.
i try to follow their advice, and it works for five seconds.
nobody seems to understand that, in fact, taking your mind off it never helps.
it never does.
saying don't think about death is like saying ''oh just don't breathe.''
it works for a few seconds, but then your lungs start to hurt.
you just can't keep it in.
i'm not trying to be edgy or some bs like that, i'm serious.
hi all,wondered if anyone else has this?
i head bang in my sleep without knowing about it, i'm a 31 year old male.
it's now affecting my downstairs neighbour so i really need some help, it's happened for a long time as far as i can remember - but i've lived alone and don't socialise much, before that when it happened, i can remember girlfriends waking me up to stop it.
i'm super worried about it because i don't know what's causing it, and thanks to lockdown, i can't get a gp apt right now - but apparently rmd can be from stress?
&amp;#x200b;please help
i’m a fifteen yr old male and my older brother (20yr) was recently diagnosed with autism, he is high functioning but has a lot of social issues.
i’ve had to rearrange my entire life to cater to his needs now and it’s difficult and for some reason whenever we argue like all siblings do or i argue with my mom they always make me out to be the villain in every situation.
here’s an example, we’ve recently decided to rewatch the entire mci timeline of movies because we enjoy them, almost every five minutes my brother will point out very minuscule details, at first i had no problem with it but when we got to the iron man movies it went from five minutes to every ten seconds constantly “ohhh that’s that iron man suit number, or is it the other one?ohhhh let me check” and is constantly talking all the other small details that don’t really matter at the moment cause we’re just trying to watch a movie and he’s just rambling so i pause the movie and ask him to stop he says and ok and then just keeps going.
this happens around to more times before i snap telling him to just be quiet and watch the movie and then my mother stepped in.
here’s context, earlier when we were watching a different mcu movie my mother was very confused about the plot/story so i said “hey mom can you put down your phone for this scene it explains everything” she nods and watches the rest of the movie joyfully and laughing, now let’s get back to when she stepped in between me and my brother later.
she agrees that he needs to settle down but then i’m immediately bombarded with her trying to make me the villain and then asks “what’s so important that you’re looking at you’re phone during the movie?” in a sarcastic and i replied “just looking at my phone, why are you mad at me about it, you did it earlier” and then she snapped now defending my brother, in previous arguments she tends to be very minuscule with details and i always have a retort because most of the time she’s just angry and doesn’t know what she’s talking about and then flips the fact that i rebutted into me being the bad guy in every situation, it gets worse because she’s a hypocrite about it.
when i get annoyed and snappy and go down to the same amount of detail that she uses when she argues she gets mad at me, except when she’s the one doing the nit picking and using the small details in her mind it is somehow justified and i shouldn’t be annoyed at her.
it seems like a mental trap that i’m always the villain in these situations.
any advice on how to handle this stress?
i need it.
edit: now that i have left the room because my mother didn’t feel like continuing the movie because i somehow ruined it, she said she was going to sleep.
that was a lie because she is now joyfully chatting with my brother, i almost feel like my family is happier without me.
maybe i’m the problem.
life is incredibly stressful right now.
i'm in grade 11 and caught covid last october.
i was horribly ill for 2 months.
my bones were aching, constant soreness and i couldn't even breathe.
even if i tried i just couldn't get up.
-this left a huge impact on my grades.
now im worried about my acceptance into the university of toronto :( the admission requirements state that i need high 80s-low 90s in all of my classes...im in my 70s😣 there's also a huge pressure on me to attend this university too so its just making this situation worse.
- is there anything you found helpful that kept you motivated in school?
did anyone else manage to get into their dream college/uni despite low grades?
anything would help me rn thank you!❤️
new yorkers: are you feeling worried, sad, anxious, or depressed?
teachers college, columbia university is offering no-cost telehealth therapy as part of a research study for individuals across new york state that are struggling with emotional distress during the covid-19 pandemic.
if you are an adult between the ages of 18-65, you may be eligible to receive this innovative treatment from specially trained clinicians.
eligible participants will be compensated for brief questionnaires before and after therapy.
between therapy sessions, participants will be invited to utilize a novel internet- and mobile-based platform to supplement treatment.
for more information and to fill out a pre-screen questionnaire, please visit:
i'm looking for participants to complete my phd survey that explores how an individuals early life experiences affects his/her psychological health.
this will help me devise management strategies to be used as self-help techniques to overcome distress in future.
if you could spare 15 min to complete this.
link is: [
relaxing guitar music for stress relief, healing music, sleep, meditate with video features clips of ocean fishes.
deep sleep music and soothing music for insomnia.
this track can be used for sleep, relaxing, meditation, yoga and more.
stress relief music helps relieve stress, fatigue and tension.
close your eyes and jump into a deep state of calm and relaxation and meet your healing sleep.
hello, my name is ishaan singh.
i am a 16-year-old student in mumbai.
i built a free ai-powered chatbot called inaya.
it acts as the first point of contact for people suffering from mental health illnesses.
it is a free, global, 24/7 chatbot that can always be used to help people.
i created the chatbot for a very personal reason.
my friends have gone through severe mental health illnesses and didn’t have adequate support systems around them to help them through their pain and suffering.
when they shared their stories with me i was heartbroken and knew i had to make some difference to ensure no one else goes through what they went through.
the chatbot has since been partnered with one of the largest indian ngos for mental health, vandrevala foundation, as well as, juno clinic and anata co.
please try it out at [www.inayaconnect.com]( and give me your feedback
up until about 6 months ago, i was constantly feeling overwhelmed.
i made a video on what cleared my head and helped me feel better .
[video](
interested in getting a fitness tracker such as the garmin vivosmart 4, or one that would alert me when it senses high stress levels/panic attack symptoms such as heart rate and oxygen levels.
i try to be aware of my stress, but i feel like an outside alert would help me notice my mental and physical state more.
any ideas of a fitness tracker that might have this feature?
some thing i’m kind of stuck on right now is something that i’m only now sort of realizing exists.
i often feel stuck inside my own body, and thoughts and don’t know how to not focus on them.
for example, for the past year i thought i had a vocal problem that’s been affecting my singing, and while yes i wasn’t breathing properly i’ve since fixed those mistakes.
but i still feel the tension in my throat, and i wonder if it is this manifested tension created from my brain.
when i forget about it, it doesn’t exist.
but the minute i give it thought energy it comes back to haunt me, and i can’t forget about it again.
i just don’t know how to let go of that thought so it sticks like this really irritating anxiety.
this has since transferred to some neck pain right at the base of my skull, that doesn’t really exist, but when i think about it, it does.
now i can’t get rid of it.
it has been days of me forgetting it then a minute later my brain says “oh!
you forgot the neck thing.” and then i feel it again!
it’s getting torturous and i wonder if y’all have any ideas how to ease it?
i am currently trying meditation to clear my focus on my body and move my focus to thoughts, but that’s kinda stagnated
i am hosting a free webinar that teaches evidence based techniques on how to build stress resiliency, develop positive thinking, which is very insightful.
lmk if you’re interested 3/3/21 @ 11am est.
in this article, you can read what else negatively affects our sleep in addition to stress... [
relaxing deep sleep: healing music, calming music, soothing music.
relaxation with video features clips of lake nature.
deep sleep music and soothing music for insomnia.
this track can be used for sleep, relaxing, meditation, yoga and more.
stress relief music helps relieve stress, fatigue and tension.
close your eyes and jump into a deep state of calm and relaxation and meet your healing sleep.
so i’ve been breaking out in hives for like 2 weeks now, thought they were big bites at first because i haven’t changed anything to make my skin break out... then they spread and spread, all over my back and hands.
i took benadryl for a couple days and slept for the 16 hours a day i wasn’t at work.
i don’t understand why i’m breaking out?
i don’t even feel that stressed, really... i mean i have stressful stuff going on (healthcare worker, death in the family, and so deploying) but i’m not feeling particularly stressed about those?
i guess my body is more stressed than my brain?
or my brain has been so stressed it’s numb from it now?
i don’t know what to do, i can’t sleep for 16/24 hours.
i don’t understand.
has anyone else experienced this?
i work out, i drink a gallon of water a day, i eat healthier than i have my entire life...
ixl is a stressful site with no educational value.
it causes sadness, pulling out hair, and even the reviews say it's shit.
do not try it.
it's a waste of time.
the usu acceptance and commitment therapy (act) research group is currently recruiting for a research study to see if using lifestories, a web-based self-help program, can help people with depression who are already taking an antidepressant prescribed by their primary care provider (pcp).
lifestories features videos of real people sharing coping strategies they have used to manage depression, along with interactive exercises to help you apply skills to your own life.
if you choose to participate, you will be randomly assigned to either use lifestories now or after waiting 4 weeks.
once you start using lifestories, you will spend around 40 minutes each week watching videos and completing online activities for a period of 4 weeks.
we will also ask you to complete 3 online surveys over 4 weeks, which will take around 15 minutes each.
this study takes place entirely online and does not require any face-to-face contact.
you need to be 18 or older, fluent in english, currently taking an antidepressant prescribed by your pcp, not have recent changes in your medication, not be seeing a mental health specialist, have at least moderate depression, and have reliable access to an internet browser and internet speed that is sufficient for streaming online videos.
if you are interested, you can learn more about the study at [ you can also contact carter davis, the study coordinator, for further information about the study at [carter.davis@aggiemail.usu.edu](mailto:carter.davis@aggiemail.usu.edu).
the principal investigator for this study is dr.
michael levin ([mike.levin@usu.edu](mailto:mike.levin@usu.edu)) and this study has been approved by the usu irb (#11523).
i feel like i’m digging myself into a hole at the moment.
i’m too depressed and unmotivated to do any school work, but because i have to get it done it stresses me out and i end up feeling backed up into a corner, causing to consider suicide.
it has been happening so much more frequently lately, and i think i might even be losing hair from it.
i always think to myself “what’s the fucking point?” i don’t know if i can keep doing this.
living is so exhausting, i feel like i come off as a complete weakling writing this but i don’t care anymore.
i’m tired of pretending to be strong, i’m fucking weak and i can’t handle this shit anymore.
i’m in texas right now and we are finally just now getting power so now i have to find motivation to finish schoolwork, motivation that wasn’t there in the fucking first place.
i wish i had the courage to just end this shit.
i am diagnosed with a panic disorder.
last year i had a terrible streak of panic attacks but i have improved a lot.
the only thing i can't improve is pain, i constantly have so much pain and tension in my chest.
i have been seeing a pysiotherapist once or twice a week for 4 months without improvement.
i can't seem to get the tension out of it, my chest is to tight and there are knots in it.
it gets so bad i can barely move my arms and can't lay down screwing up my sleepschedule.
only thing i feel that works are very hot showers and i do it like 2-3 a day now.
i do all the excercises i am said to do, walk everyday.
do extra yoga etc.
but the tension just doesn't leave.
i am hoping someone who has overcome this can share some tips.
i literally sit in my room daily feeling stressed and crappy.
getting up and walking outside helps temporarilybut then i'm back to feeling stressedliving with parents is stressfulhaving no social life is stressfulfeeling zero support and isolated for years is stressfulhaving digestive problems and feeling unhealthy is stressfulanxiety if i go anywhere is stressfulhaving zero life direction is stressfulbeing unemployed with no career is stressfulbeing a loser at 28 is stressfuli tried "having a routine" yesterday and i got dressed ate breakfast walked dog etc.
and then mid morning i just feel like "what now" and directionless so i made myself go shop around the store but that's boring too and i get anxiety.
i slept bad last night and had nightmares about family members.
also tried spending all morning with no cellphone/computer but felt bad still.
i have a certain extremely important exam in a week.
today i realised i have only a week.
my colleagues are all freaking out and talking about it and i just feel .. numb to it.
i usually would cry it out and then push myself forward to work and get it done, but my reaction today is alarming.
not just today but it’s been a while that i feel like i’m not in touch with my reality, i can’t seem to grasp the urgency of it even though i am so so so stressed out at the same time.
i have a lot of deadlines and things to do for this exam but i feel unusually non-responsive.
like... where’s my panic mode?
getting into that panicky state actually always helps me assess myself and i stop procrastinating and get into work mode.
but i just feel like i’m not even here.
i’m on autopilot and i’m not even panicking the way i always do/should be.
i am confused and i don’t know how to word it correctly, hope i make sense
hey!
i'll try to make this as simple as possible.
i'm a predental student in my first year of college.
currently living at home due to corona.
last semester quite literally destroyed me.
calc and chem at the same time sucked (mainly just calc in general), but i ended up with an a in calc and an a- in chem.
but getting those grades also made me lose about 12 pounds (i was only 130 to begin with), i lost so much hair from not eating, i got dumped my by boyfriend since i "stress out too much", and i upset a lot of people close to me since i spent so much time complaining about things that in reality aren't even that bad.
i should be grateful i even have the privilege to go to school, yet i spend most of my time crying about "having" to do it.
i told myself i would do better this semester.
up until yesterday i have.
i haven't thrown up before any tests like i used to.
but i just got out of a midterm that i do not think i did too well on, and the spiral of worst case scenarios starts.
a lot of it is due to the pressure of dental school, but a lot is also due to making my dad proud.
he's done nothing to pressure me into doing well, but he's given me so much in regards to life and paying for college i feel so guilty if i don't get all as.
my problem is mainly my mindset.
i'm not ready to have the same semester i had last time, and i'm scared of who i'll upset for being like this.
i thought i was better, but every time i have a midterm (usually math based) i break.
i'm not going to get into dental school like this.
 new yorkers: are you feeling worried, sad, anxious, or depressed?
teachers college, columbia university is offering no-cost telehealth therapy as part of a research study for individuals across new york state that are struggling with emotional distress during the covid-19 pandemic.
if you are an adult between the ages of 18-65, you may be eligible to receive this innovative treatment from specially trained clinicians.
eligible participants will be compensated for brief questionnaires before and after therapy.
between therapy sessions, participants will be invited to utilize a novel internet- and mobile-based platform to supplement treatment.
for more information and to fill out a pre-screen questionnaire, please visit:[
hey folks, i was a long time overworker and decided to change that to myself.
when i succeeded, i started helping others and made it my mission to reduce people's excess of work.
i share daily focus and productivity tips around the webz and will start posting them here as well.
today's focus tip, y'all.
you work 8 hours a day?
then don't ever plan 8 hours worth of job.
that's bullshit.
the world won't stop because you planned something and soon someone will need your help, grab your attention, a wild notification will appear or something will happen differently than you imagined.
&amp;#x200b;unplanned things happen.
it's a fact.
if you don't plan yourself considering it, you are not a victim of other's interruptions, you are an accomplice.
&amp;#x200b;suggestion: plan your day with some extra time meant for interruptions and unplanned stuff.
if you work 8 hours in a normal job, plan, for example, 6 hours worth of tasks.
if something unplanned happen, you'll be able to deal with it, finish your planned tasks and finish your day having completed everything you needed.
if your environment is really chaotic, plan even less time of focused work and leave more time to unplanned stuff.
&amp;#x200b;there are tons of advantages about it: it will reduce your stress, you won't desire to punch who interrupts you, you'll feel better with yourself for accomplishing good results.
have a great time, folks.
cya tomorrow.
everyone faces stress, irritability, and anxiety these days.
i personally have big trouble with it.
i always wanted to have a particular suggestion on breathing techniques or meditation in stressful moments or moments of anxiety.
that's why i decided to create an app that will help the users learn the basics of breathing/meditation techniques and have easy access to them in difficult situations.
in the app, you'll find guided meditations and techniques on subjects like focus, exercise, and self-love.
also, you can take 10-day plans to help you develop and deepen your meditation and breathing skills.
right now it's completely free and we will add new content regularly
good day.
i just got promoted to a brand new section at work.
i went from being the top producer in my division to going over to a completely new division and i started in a supervisory role.
i’m very lost.
i know generally about what i’m supposed to be doing, but i feel like such a disappointment because i can’t answer my employees questions.
every single thing i see is brand new to me and i get so stressed out because i have a limited support system of people to ask questions to.
everyone is working from home so i can’t even have the luxury of learning a little bit by walking around and interacting with my people.
i like the people, but a lot of them are low performers so i have to start with corrective actions before too long.
all the other supervisory roles are vacant so i’m doing work for 3 teams.
and my boss is new as well so i can’t really go to her, because she doesn’t know the answer either.
i’m so stressed and every single day i get about 20 small fires i need to put out and several large fires and i have no idea how to solve any of them.
nobody has offered any training materials or support so i have had to find them all myself.
the worst part is i put in for a supervisory position in my own division, but i was pulled over to this team because there were so many vacancies.
so i have to do admin work for a huge team, start hiring processes, start performance appraisals (despite me only being there 2 weeks), i sign off on all their work (i don’t know for sure if they’re doing everything right, but i simply don’t have the time to check everything and ask questions about everything), i get escalated all of the tough things and i get all the heat when things aren’t going great.
bottom line, i am so stressed out and every day after work i cry because i feel so terrible and i just sit there sad and eating unhealthy food because my energy has been sucked and my motivation is gone.
i had such a relaxing (although boring) job before and in trying to expand my horizons i’ve landed in a personal hell.
i hate every second of being alive right now and any advice would be much appreciated.
thanks.
i am currently doing a-levels and i am in my final year, in year 13.no matter what i do i cannot force myself to study.
i can’t study more than five minutes because i just feel like crying whenever i study i don’t know what is wrong with me.
i know and love education because i know it is the key to success and education is vital to life.
i love the importance of it and know how privileged i am to receive an education.
but somehow i cannot study and do anything school related.
i’m trying to talk to people around me about it but i just feel like crying because no one understands how i feel.
i want to study but i can’t and every time i just feel like crying because i feel like i’m failing in my education.
i am scared that if i feel i would let my family down.
i think i may be scared of the idea of failing and letting my family down or it could be that school is sucking the fun out of education for me.
also, sometimes i feel like my education will go to waste because i am not allowed to work because i have to take care of someone and my dad brings the income.
i feel like the main goal right now is to study and i’m failing because 1) i feel that i’m too scared to start studying because i will fail and 2) my education will go to waste as i’m not going to work due to other responsibilities so what is the point of studying?
i’m not exactly sure what it is and my feelings are mixed.
sometimes i also worry about the future and think like if i feel my education and i am not working or doing anything i’m just at home feeling like a waste of space.
i’m so confused.
can someone please help me out with suggest what i should do?
ps.
sorry if this doesn’t make any sense because i’m literally just feeling a mix of emotions and different things and it is just all a big mess.
please take our survey on stress which will contribute to an undergraduate research project, we look forward to hearing from you!
[
 #1) think of your manager as a parent and you as his adolescent kid.
this sounds senseless from the outset, yet the connection between you and your manager is fundamentally the same as that between a parent and youngster.
young people regularly have issues with power and experience conflicts with their folks.
then, often the guardians have to make decisions that the youngster believes to be unacceptable.
the circumstances can get adequately awful before the kid matures enough to figure out that he needs to move out and live alone.
parents or guardians are not always lovable nor are supervisors - both can make poor judgement calls.
this is something that is worth remembering always.
#2) do the most flawlessly awesome work you can.
as the saying goes, "treat others the way you would want to be treated".
ensure you are the sort of employee you would need working for you in the event that you were the boss.
imagine that you were running your own company, would you employ someone like you?
think about it.
i know this is a major conflict to the execution of retribution and taking it all out on a line manager at any point conceivable.
regardless, by doing your very best in that situation is giving the unreasonable supervisor less bullets to shoot you with metaphorically speaking.
he or she can potentially worsen your work conditions and make life completely unbearable.
so do not attract unwarranted attention to yourself.
unless you have been singled out and the manager just has it out for you.
there ought to be many other employees who can draw away his anger from you.
let another individual wear that target on their back.
#3) learn all that you can from an unreasonable boss.
every one we meet in life has something to teach us, either positive or negative.
so we can effectively learn something from anyone that we come in contact with.
while from a fairly good manager we can learn great administration procedures, likewise it is obvious that from a mediocre supervisor we can learn which mistakes to avoid.
don't simply endure, acquire something from each situation which will profit your later on in your career.
as i indicated in my other article, growth is infinite.
which [mindset]( you choose to take determines the end result.
pay attention to how your manager reacts to various problems and take note of his thought process.
give careful consideration of which methods worked and which fizzled.
#4) forget about yesterday.
yesterday is history, its over with.
make an effort not to let your issues from yesterday ruin today.
life is too short to hold onto senseless grudges.
all things being equal, start every day with another, inspirational viewpoint, affirming to yourself that today will be better.
you can read more about the power of positive affirmations [in this article]( once in a while we position ourselves in situations where our actions become regrettable and we subliminally power an individual (in this situation our boss) to act in a manner which we naturally expect him to act.
make sure that you are accidentally throwing fuel into the fire.
beginning every day with a clean slate is the most ideal approach to move beyond past conflicts.
clutching onto resentment just damages yourself.
#5) take responsibility .
don't expect another person to end your torment.
whining is simple, yet it achieves practically nothing.
agonizing over a difficult circumstance won't make it disappear while losing rest and harping on an issue just worsens it.
you will never achieve happiness when you keep zooming into a problem.
in the probable case that you are really in a circumstance that is causing you torment, you need to start finding a way to improve the circumstance.
the roman philosopher sallust said, every man is the designer of his own fortune.
have you really searched for another work opportunity?
have you attempted to improve your abilities through in-house preparing, grown-up learning places, books or correspondence courses?
indeed, even the littlest positive development is progress.
a persistent manager won't alter his way of living, however you can improve your own abilities.
why not let your troublesome supervisor be simply the inspiration you need to be better in life?
read more [here:](
it's from my independent movie.
if you're into spiritual stuffs, meditation, chakras, the zodiacs elemental nature, the avatar series, sci-fi about the afterlife or the beforelife.
you will find it interesting: [youtube video](don't forget to like/dislike and leave a feedback!
p.s more videos coming soon.
 we’re all thinking it and feeling it—stress is at an all-time high, amplified by a global pandemic, the fight for racial equality, political divides, economic uncertainty, environmental catastrophes, and more.
taking a moment to unwind can feel impossible, but it’s essential to maintain your well-being.
for example, drinking a warm cup of tea may not seem like a big deal, but you can turn it into a relaxing daily ritual.
make the most of this moment with one of the following calming teas.
## 1. chamomilethis well-known calming tea contains chamomile extract, which can help reduce symptoms of stress and anxiety, thanks to its soothing properties.
case in point: when tensions are high, you can find me sipping chamomile tea with a dollop of honey to quiet my chattering mind.
## 2. licoricelicorice root extract, typically known for its cold and flu soothing benefits, can also be used as a calming tea to help reduce stress and fatigue.
when it comes to licorice, you either love it or hate it.
for that reason, this may or may not be the tea for you.
## 3. valerianvalerian root contains compounds that can improve sleep and help manage anxiety—a must in your bedtime routine.
while valerian has an earthy, herbal sweetness, it can have an off-putting smell to some.
however, the taste is not as intense, especially if you add a touch of honey or lemon.
## 4. turmerichere’s yet another reason to consume this cult-favorite, super-seasoning.
curcumin, an anti-inflammatory compound in turmeric, is said to potentially have stress-relieving, antidepressant effects.
## 5. passionflowerthis herb claims to assist in lowering anxiety levels and relieving insomnia by boosting your brain’s gamma-aminobutyric acid (gaba), which lowers brain activity to help you sleep better.
but don’t let the sweet name fool you; this delicious tea has savory and spicy notes that might make you passionate about drinking it.
## 6. kavathe next best thing to whisking yourself away on a tropical getaway is to bring the getaway to you…in a cup!
this tropical herb tea is touted to help you reach optimal gaba levels to soothe anxiety.
## 7. peppermintbefore you hit send on that snippy email to your co-worker, you might want to take a peppermint tea break.
known to help alleviate anxiety, fatigue, and stress, this calming tea has a familiar flavor that may comfort you from the inside out.
## 8. ashwagandhachances are you’ve seen content about this herb in your instagram feed and thought, ‘what is this and what do i do with it?’ answer: you can make tea.
frequently used in ancient ayurvedic healing practices, ashwagandha is an adaptogen that’s supposed to support hormonal balance and help calm stress and fatigue.
## 9. ginsengstudies suggest this antioxidant-rich plant, used for centuries in chinese medicine, can protect the body from the effects of stress.
you might know ginseng more for its energy-boosting properties, which it has, but it’s also able to help you relax when you need it.
we love a double-duty ingredient.
try a different calming tea each night to mix it up, or find one you love and enjoy it every night.
either way, you deserve some much needed tlc (that’s tea loving care).
[facebook](
since october (for the last 4 months) i have had the following symptoms 24/7 - i wake up with them and go to sleep with them and nothing changes how they feel.
constant head pressure back top of the head.
constant pressure behind the eyes.
constant brain fog.
constant blurred vision and sometimes lightheadedness.
inside my head feels like it’s vibrating and it feels i’m going over waves visually.
overall i have a feeling that i am not fully present.
i feel tired and just in a fog.
doctors really have had no clue what this is.
i recently started a medication for stress and anxiety but that hasn’t changed anything in a few weeks.
any ideas?
i'm usually quite calm and able to control myself, but trying to learn katakana through use of anki has resulted in unbelievable rage.
you may think i need to quit learning or it's not something i want to actually do, but i can assure you i do want to learn it quite a lot.
the problem is i get so incredibly frustrated when i'm shuffling through the same 20 cards and none of them are sinking in.
i have so many leech cards out of rotation it just upsets me.
something else about me is that i don't have the option to write them out like people would suggest.
i have had bad wrists for 6 months despite doctors being unable to pinpoint the problem.
i meditate every day, sometimes twice a day to keep my stress down and hopefully heal my body.
what gets me is that this is the thing that stresses me so much.
i don't know why this particular thing makes me want to hurt myself.
like i get so angry i have smashed the computer desk like a child.
i'm not a violent person, i've never hit anyone in my life, but sometimes i'm hitting myself or hurting my hands in rage.
i grip my hands so hard it starts to hurt.
i start hitting myself getting upset because i'm so mad.
what should i do about this?
should i stop learning japanese?
i try to keep my expectations low and tell myself it's okay, but some nights i'll miss ones i should know so it gets me so down i'm not actually learning i'm just getting lucky and nothing feels earned at all.
beautiful relaxing music: healing music, sleep music, calm music, stress relief.
relaxation with video features clips of orange ocean.
deep sleep music for insomnia.
this track can be used for sleep, relaxing, meditation, yoga and more.
stress relief music, healing music, calming music helps relieve stress, fatigue and tension.
close your eyes and jump into a deep state of calm and relaxation and meet your healing sleep.
i must have messed up bc my boss had a meeting closed door where they were shreiking about me, why does she always say yes to everything if they can't do it?!
listen i get that people don't want to talk directly to me just about me.
it must be because i have selective mutism and present as really mentally slow.
it really stresses me when that happens.
why do i say yes to everything?
i attribute it to a real fear of saying no to authority figures possibly rooted in abuse not sure.
so my brain is telling me.. i need to work harder.
so they don't yell and such or be upset with me.
how do i do this?
there  are only 24 hrs in a day.
do i pull an all nighter ?
what if something comes up during the day where i need energy?
i'm fucked but i can't be shit at this job.
i’m graduating in a couple months, got quite a bit of stress over entering the workforce.
i have plenty of time at the moment to relax and refocus but the tension headache has been ongoing for 3-4 days now.
i don’t know what to do to mitigate it at this point.
this is relatively new to me.
over the past six month i have been very stressed.
though i have been experiencing something that is weird; i have been going to the toilet much more frequently, depending on the stress level.
on some very stressful days i would have to urinate more than 12 times.
is that a stress related issue?
ive come to the conclusion that it is, since, ive done multiple tests and check ups to rule out any physical problems.
is anyone experiencing the same issue?
long story short.
i had a very stressful event in the beginning of dec.
2 weeks passed and my body starting acting up around christmas time.
it felt like i had a stomach flu or something.
i was sick for nearly a week with nauseous and fatigue.
after i got better, i had a normal week afterwards.
then all of a sudden, i get nauseous out of no where and my heart starts beating fast.
idk if thats a panic attack or not.
but those are the only symptoms that would occur.
once that happen, the next following days i'll stay nauseous or stomach feeling full.
wouldn't eat right.
so this has been a cycle.
now fast forward to present day.
it has slightly gotten better.
but now everyday i wake up feeling really nauseous when i brush my teeth and poop.
and have little appetite.
i want to eat, but my body won't let me eat alot in the morning.
i take a 4 mile walk later on the day and the remainder of day is closer to normal.
idk if this is cause of stressed body?
or the stress caused a gi issue.
i have no idea whats going on.
i have lost 10 pounds in 2 months and i'm already a skinny dude.
has anyone gone through this?
or have an idea what it might be?
anything helps.
thanks :))
i have been burned out from work stress and feeling terribly numb for months.
i started having a magnesium effervescent whenever i feel stressed, anxious, sad or numb- it's helped so much.
i feel a difference within an hour of taking it and it continues to keep those feelings away for a full day.
today, i even felt like doing a small bit of exercise.
i tried the multivitamins with magnesium and the magnesium supplements but nothing helped as much as this.
i hope this information helps you.
stress, depression, and anxiety have been making life impossible for me to enjoy anymore for a while now and today was particularly bad.
i noticed a couple bumps/rash type things popping up on my arms and legs tonight.
i've passed out a couple times during panic attacks from stress and anxiety and that happened today but i've never had any big physical problems except for that.
i didn't know stress could cause skin problems but that seems to be the only thing going significantly wrong for me right now.
is this from stress or am i connecting dots where there aren't any?
guitar relaxing music for deep sleep and stress relief with video features clips of river nature.
deep sleep music and soothing music for insomnia.
this track can be used for sleep, relaxing, meditation, yoga and more.
stress relief music helps relieve stress, fatigue and tension.
close your eyes and jump into a deep state of calm and relaxation and meet your healing sleep.
i'm getting really stressed over certain stuff irl and the only outlet to ask about it or do anything really to socialize is reddit, so.
im in a lot of things that i dont want to describe as precarious but are certainly really busy and kind of unpredictable and its all getting to be too much recently even though, ironically, i think i just got out of the storm and now am in a blind spot where things are healthier for just a minute.
i can relax but relaxing is making me stress out, i tried laying in bed for a few days and just doing various hobbies and junk but its not working, so, i guess ill just keep posting to reddit and hope it works out?
posting to reddit is good anyway, it gets people talking.
maybe, who knows, ill help someone else with my needing of help!
although i guess my original question here would be me wondering if sometimes its better to call something done and quits and pack up and leave, but, thats a bit of a rhetorical question as for me i know the answer is no.
but even if i wont be changing my mind i think hearing peoples advice would still be helpful!
just having other people to talk to is very nice, or at the least listening to me ramble xd so thank you!
thats all.
discover how to stay motivate and positive even when the going gets tough.no matter who you are, what your name is, where you came from, or how much wealth you have in your bank account, pain is a part of life that you will encounter at some point or another.
we all struggle through hard times at different moments in our lives.
dealing with misfortune is inevitable.
so attempting to run, hide, avoid, or escape from pain is pointless.
the best thing that you ever do to create a happy, fulfilled, meaningful, and successful life is to set yourself up with as many resources as possible to help you stay motivated in tough times.
your ability to deal with pain is going to play a big role in your life.
so it’s best to build up as many resources for overcoming tragedy as possible.
hi.
i’m currently in nursing school.
i’m taking five online courses right now and i’m so stressed i feel like i could cry at anytime.
i’m so unorganized and unmotivated throughout all of this covid mess that i can’t seem to find any form of concentration or hope of succeeding my classes.
i’m so stressed that my mental health has been going down.
i hope i’m not alone.
thanks to anyone who replies to this :,).
i have been in the job for about 2 months.
i'm doing relatively good.
my boss said that my performance is great and i'll be getting a pay raise next month.
problem is, i get overwhelmed easily.
if i make a mistake however small, i panic and make even more mistakes till i shut down entirely and give up.
my colleagues say that i overreact (which doeasn't help) and the job is very easy and comfortable to the point that they got bored of it.
i can't relate to that at all.
i have to keep up with a lot of different projects and understand a lot of technical details since i'm a sales engineer.
i always ask a lot of questions which annoys everyone.
my boss hates it yet he always throughs any project at me.
keep in mind i'm a fresh graduate and am navigating through a new field.
having a master's degree and a business to work on doesn't help the situation.
i don't know how to deal with stress and approach problems in a calm manner.
sometimes i feel like i'll just burst at some point on the job.
any suggestions?
do you have question like this in your mind , “what stress me out?”looking for a way to beat out your stress?
then, you are in right place,here, you can find “top 10 tips to beat the hell out of stress.
are you ready ?
let’s dive in.
[continue ](
the reasons for posting this is to compare this with other common things for anxiety such as counselling, exercise, meditation and vitamins/nutritional supplements such as theanine, taurine, chamomile, valerian, etc.
[[worth a try during a stress inducing event such as a job interview or public speaking?
note: i am not encouraging med use (i prefer other methods), but sometimes we need things when other methods fail us during critical times.
i’m just fresh out of uni.
i’ve started my first professional job and i’m 6 months in.
i’m wondering if the stress gets better after a year or if it’s there from the beginning it’s always going to be there?
what are your experiences with this?
even though my job may be relatively less stressful than say a pilot or soldier, it’s destroying me health.
i can’t remember a day went by when i didn’t have a stomach ache, headache or just general aches and pains i know i need to work to make money and i’m hopeful i can find a job that will really be less stressful for me.
my managers don’t know how it is affecting me.. i won’t tell them as i’m still on probation and i feel like i need the experience to get a job that won’t ruin methanks for your time
hi all on the brink right now.
i work full time in a stressful policy job for state government.
i study postgraduate university online.
my wife is 30 weeks pregnant.
will i be a good dad.
my mother is sick.
a pipe in my wall is leaking so my dry wall and carpet are wet and is getting worse.
i feel like i'm on the edge.
exposure to noise can activate the brain's stress pathways and triggers the release of related hormones.
you will learn the concepts about what is sound healing and the benefits of sound healing along with a sound bath healing therapy session towards thesecond half of the video.
youtube video for reference :[sound healing therapy can help you fight stress](
please take some time to fill out this survey for our engineering project!
[stress survey](
after a prolonged period of heavy stress and anxiety that lasted about 2-3 months, i suddenly got 24/7 dull head pressure in the top back of my head along with behind my eyes.
my eyes feel strained and tired.
i also have brain fog and feel lightheaded at times.
these symptoms have been present for over 3 months straight.
anyone else found this to be a result of heavy stress and anxiety and would medication help ease my symptoms?
relaxing deep sleep with healing music , calming music, meditation music.
relaxation with video features clips of beautiful fish nature.
deep sleep music for insomnia.
this track can be used for sleep, relaxing, meditation, yoga and more.
stress relief music, healing music, calming music helps relieve stress, fatigue and tension.
close your eyes and jump into a deep state of calm and relaxation and meet your healing sleep.
i’m hoping that somehow me typing all this out will help me overcome everything and make me feel better.
i started a new job in the beginning of november.
everything was going good until thanksgiving.
my fiancée and i made the decision we would visit family that day.
in hindsight, that was stupid.
the day after, my sister started feeling sick and tested positive for covid, and then her family was getting sick and the ones that got tested were positive.
my work told me i had to quarantine, but since i was new, they wouldn’t give me paid leave.
that left we with 2 weeks of not getting any money.
thankfully, i had some savings to help scrape by on bills, but i had to go through all of that.
since then, i’ve been struggling and the end of the month bill marathon has been cutting it too close.
had a lot of unexpected expenses.
we’ve been living in a 1 bedroom apartment and we are wanting to move into a house because we have no room for anything.
had to store a lot of belongings in our cars.
we are also planning a wedding for the end of october.
i’m trying to go back to school so i don’t have to work a 3rd shift factory job for the rest of my life.
she’s been dealing with ptsd for a few years and has had an uptick in panic attacks the past few weeks.
it’s become too much for me to handle.
been dealing with suicidal thoughts.
i don’t know what to do.
hey ;) i'm doing a small survey regarding stress management.
what are your 2 biggest issues that you're dealing with when facing stress?
comment down below guys, if you want you can also dm me if you prefer this more.
thank you guys in advance, i'll be looking forward in reading your answer!
so, i was one of the lucky people to travel overseas during the pandemic (for unfortunate reasons), from one country with the most hardest/severe lockdown (not only with the rest of the world but within across the states), to another country which is hypersensitive to a cold, let alone a pandemic.
over a period of four weeks, i experienced numerous cancelled flights, confusing travel bubbles, media announcements around vaccines and new covid strains, uncertain airlines, and finally a journey that took me from chennai, through bengaluru, maldives and colombo, back to melbourne.
i went through the melbourne lockdown; i have now gone through the hardship of getting back into australia, despite being a citizen.
as an insider and outsider, i want to put pen to paper on border closures, lockdowns and its actual impact.
i think i am loosing my braincells
hey- i'm unsure what i'm looking to gain from writing this post but i feel completely at my wits end and honestly reddit is the shit when seeking some objective advice.
i'm gearing up to move to another country this saturday and since this has been a dream of mine for so long, i feel completely lost inside because all i feel is utter stress/despair/anxiety.
i have a huge 45 min presentation to give tomorrow in front of half of my company and the majority of its executives.
i recognize that this is an incredible opportunity to prove myself (given that i'm entry level.. and only 5 months in)  my boss recommended i propose a topic, to which i did, and once i was asked to present on it myself i couldn't really say no, even knowing how much is on my plate currently.
i've worked on this presentation for the past two weeks, all weekend, and late into the night, i read two books and i'm still feeling like it's not good enough (and i'm not one of those people who claimed to fail a test and get an a... i'd get an f).
i received last min feedback from a colleague on it late last night (9:30pm) who essentially reminded me how important this is going to be and inspired me to change the entire direction of it.
i feel like i don't have the capability to put my best foot forward.
i have completely isolated myself from friends and family over the past week preparing for this, and as soon as it's over i'll have to pack all my shit into 2 single suitcases for my move.
i'm not going to have the time or chance to say goodbye (properly) to my bf or fam.
due to covid and canada's newly imposed mandatory hotel quarantine, i wont be seeing anyone from my home country for several months.
and for what?
i feel regret so deeply, even considering how good of an opportunity this is, i just don't care because my mental health is in havoc atm.
again- i'm not sure what i'm seeking here.
i apologize if this comes off as ungrateful or scrambled, my brain is completely fucked right now.
i've witnessed first hand what chronic stress does to a person (my father) and recognizing it in myself is scary.
i should be happy right now and grateful shouldn't i?
free virtual ptsd treatmentwho i am: clinical psychology ph.d.
candidateaffiliation: western michigan universitytarget group: michigan residents, 18+ years old, experienced a traumatic eventcontact information: virtual written exposure therapy clinic - 269-888-4075 or [virtualwetstudy@gmail.com](mailto:virtualwet@gmail.com)background: written exposure therapy (wet) is a manualized and scripted five session mental health treatment designed to treat posttraumatic stress symptoms (sloan &amp; marx, 2019).
wet has moderate support to demonstrate significant reductions in posttraumatic stress disorder (ptsd) symptoms regardless of baseline ptsd severity, depression severity, time since trauma, sex, age, race, or educational level.
this study is an open clinical trial of virtually-delivered written exposure therapy (wet).
this treatment is brief, only five sessions.
total participation in the study is approximately 4 ½ hours over two months and then a 20-minute interview two months following the treatment.
link to recruitment flyer: file:///c:/users/stephanie/desktop/written%20exposure%20therapy%20-%20recruitment%20flyer.pdfif you are interested in learning more about participation and to see if you qualify, please call the study’s clinic at 269-888-4075 to set up a virtual appointment.
if possible, please consider sharing the above clinic contact information with others who may be potentially interested in participating.
thank you for your time.
yes, i'm stuck in a job i hate and i don't have the option of leaving at all but i am my own worst enemy here.
i constantly stress about the small things and its really affecting my capacity to perform.
the days feel like years, and i'm always at the verge of breaking after one or two days.
please teach me methods to overcome this.
i tried reframing my perspective but in the moment i still stress
but personally my favorite way to cope with stress and bad moods is to cum orgasm whatever you want to call it, because when you do that your body responds by releasing a chemical called dopamine which makes you feel good and puts you in a better mood.
on top of that it also releases hormone oxytocin, which is released during orgasm, lowers cortisol levels.
cortisol is a main stress hormone, usually present in high levels in stressed out people and cumming boost those chemicals, in result they help you feel more at peace, cumming also makes it easier to sleep especially coping with night time stress.
i personally just go do my thing commonly when i get in a bad mood, also before bed and it always makes me feel a lot better and no sleeping troubles.
if you are horny / like getting turned on this will work great for you, but if you are like not an ounce horny this might not work very well for you.
hi i suffer from terrible tension in my shoulders, neck and face?
i grind my teeth and have a mouth guard but still wake up with so much tension.
any help?
thanks
stress had been depriving me of working to my full potential until i discovered a tool to relieve tension that causes stress.
it is called triger point roker.
i use it before i go to work for just 10 minutes on my back to the back of my neck laying flat on it.
if not i use it on my back rest of my chair.
if it can help anyone please check it out here.
for.kckb.st/manda
hi everyone, i am a student working with a small team, looking to learn about how people experience stress and what they do for stress management.
these conversations help tremendously to learn about the modern age of stress, so that effective stress management methods can be created.
if you are interested, it is a 10-15 minute phone call with 8 general questions.
thank you for taking the time to read this and i hope to talk with many of you!
[here is the link to set up a time](
how do you deal with stress
so, its night time uk(i am based in uk ) but always around this time i am getting stressed.
worrying about future and finance.
yes.
it will be same for everyone.
but i, am suffering this as really long time.
recently  i also need to get job  not getting really well.
every day,  i feel like if i just give up?
that will be more comfortable isn't it?
no i am not meaning of suicide.
i will somehow keep continue life till i can't.
i guess.
i am not strong enough for suicide.
i am coward.
scared.
week.
and no fortune.
no luck.
yeah, i admit that.
i am looser from my life.
but even though i can't give up my life , why?
i don't know.
[www.kharrazinaturalhealth.com](
i've had stress and bad anxiety for some time now, and my sex drive has decreased drastically.
i've also lost muscle mass and feel weaker and fatigued all the time.
i also have trouble sleeping cause of anxiety.
was wondering if anyone else was in the same boat.
did stress and anxiety impact your libido?
edit: im an 19 yo guy.
if you travel, please take this survey.
it takes about one minute and it may help reduce stress during your future travels.
the ultimate self-care?
having an amazing relationship with yourself.
how?
❤️decide to have a great relationship with yourself.
decide that it is a journey not a destination.
🧡show yourself love: practice gratitude for what you are, in this instant.
smart, creative, hard working, determined, accepting.
💛have respect for yourself: respect how your body is feeling and what it is thinking, it is just trying to keep you alive with the tools it currently has.
(negative self talk used to be an evolutionaly perk-its not your fault.)
💚basic needs: drink water, cook one good meal a day, move your body.
💙love language: what is your love language to yourself?
words of affirmation?
gift giving?
💜honesty: don't lie to yourself about what you are feeling or thinking.
if you think you are dumb, or fat, or worthless, don't fight that, acknowledge it, and look to see the facts.
reach out for help, i have many tools to help with these types of thoughts!
🤎forgiveness: when you do something 'bad' or 'wrong' acknowledge it, and then fix it.
🖤listen: if you are tired, take a break.
if you are happy, celebrate!
if you are sad, feel your sadness, and then move to a desired emotion.
write out one part you want to do today, and put it somewhere you can see it.
(i recommend fridge or bathroom mirror)sometimes doing this alone can be hard, frustrating, or scary.
especially if we have neglected ourselves for the majority of our life.
i am here to help guide you though this in a way that is actually fun and enjoyable and feels good ❤️ i am here.
any advice for anxiety
relaxing, soothing music for stress relief and sleep with video features clips of beautiful wave nature.
deep sleep music for insomnia.
this track can be used for sleep, relaxing, meditation, yoga and more.
stress relief music, healing music, calming music helps relieve stress, fatigue and tension.
close your eyes and jump into a deep state of calm and relaxation and meet your healing sleep.
so i started off intending to pursue something else in college, i spent the past two years and had taken 32 credits geared to what i thought i originally wanted to do.
im turing 21 in a couple of months and now just had a realization that no this is not what i want to pursue, so i applied to switch my major.
thankfully, the 32 credits can be applied towards the degree.
however, im turning 21 i feel like others around me have accomplished so much, and completing their degrees.
its just so overwhelming, and i feel like now my whole life timeline has been completely thrown off.
im back at square one with 4 years of college to go.
i feel so stressed out.
this video has soft spoken kind words, a gentle countdown, the sounds of rainfall and a stuffed monkey named wallace.
i hope you like it!
if you ever imagined what it was like to be me-it would be the worst.
not to imagine all the stress i’m having.
what i need is for someone to understand me, and there is no one.
my life is messed up.
hi everyone!
here is a step by step therapeutic art exercise to help you relieve stress in a fun and creative way.
hi everyone, i am a student working with a small team, looking to learn about how people experience stress and what they do for stress management.
these conversations help tremendously to learn about the modern age of stress, so that effective stress management methods can be created.
if you are interested, it is a 10-15 minute phone call with 8 general questions.
thank you for taking the time to read this and i hope to talk with many of you!
[here is the link to set up a time](
basically i asked a girl out and am waiting for a response, that was a few hours ago, probably not going to get one, still causing stress and having a hard time relaxing.
i got that shortness of breath in my chest you usually have right before you have to do something you’re nervous about, (test, speech, etc.)
however not having any idea when, what or if i’ll get a response is exemplifying that.
anyone have any ideas for how i can alleviate some of these nerves and help myself relax?
(don’t say alcohol because that will just lead to drunk texts)
for the last 3 months i have had a constant pressure in my head along with strained/tired eyes, brain fog, dizziness and lightheadedness.
the same time this started, i was extremely stressed and for most of the 3 months i’ve had it, i have been very stressed and anxious in part due to not knowing what was causing my symptoms.
can prolonged stress/anxiety cause these symptoms and has anyone experienced this.
if so, what medication do you recommend.
thanks
hey everyone, i just joined the group and i think i should share a relatively good breakthrough i had with my stress management.
i work a grueling job as an essential worker at a grocery chain in the midwestern us.
this job has really seen me go through the ringer in regards to bending over backwards to make my company happy.
we are the number one store for sales in the company, and one of the ways we are number one is through our online ordering where we seem to have a “no ceiling rule” where we with accept x number of orders per hour.
to where, around thanksgiving.
we were doing easily 30-40 orders a half hour (roughly 10 containers to hold items/order).
couple that with me being the pallet puller who pulls all the orders out to where we let people drive up for their order.
couple it with a thankless job where they’re only using me for my size.
it gets to be stressful.
anyhow, last night i cracked and i decided to start medicating with otc stress relievers.
so i bought some of that ashwagandha stuff or whatever and took one about 6 pm last night (two hours after my shift) and it was amazing.
i didn’t feel quite as stressed, and as someone who lives naturally with a lot of stress/frustration (due to a spectrum disorder) and a high stress job, i felt honestly the best i have felt since maybe before covid-19 took over our lives.
honestly, i hope to leave the job soon due to the stress causing me a lot mental struggles outside of work.
but i think the ashwagandha was a small step towards becoming less stressed after a year.
piano relaxing music for deep sleep and stress relief with video features clips of cloud view.
deep sleep music and soothing music for insomnia.
this track can be used for sleep, relaxing, meditation, yoga and more.
stress relief music helps relieve stress, fatigue and tension.
close your eyes and jump into a deep state of calm and relaxation and meet your healing sleep.
even though i know i've set my alarm, and the sound is on, several hours into falling asleep i will wake up semi panicked that i've missed my alarm, and am late for work.
today i woke up at 12ish, 2, 2:30, 3, 3:30, and finally i couldn't sleep anymore so i got up at 4. every time i wake up i scramble to find my phone so i can check the time.
(i am also already a very light sleeper so this doesn't help)it's awful.
i just get this awful stress right before going into work, and this has been manifesting more and more, and now my eye is twitching (which for me is a stress sign) and it only happens on work days.
on my days off i sleep so good, it's amazing.
currently my eye is twitching, my tummy is upset to the point of feeling sick, and i've just got this stress/anxiety.
wtf is this about.
it's awful.
i’m not sure if this is a problem only i have it not but i feel like i have no passion for anything.
i have tried so many different things and end up giving up within a few weeks the only hobbies i really had was basketball and cuz of lockdown i can’t play so i’ve been stuck in my house cooped up and feeling depressed but mostly disappointed in myself for the pure fact i’m incapable of finding something sturdy i know i’m only 16 and should be enjoying myself but that’s hard to do when society and my family make it so hard on me to just be calm and not have a general direction for the future so far i’m in school for mechanics since i thought it would be easier since i’m better with my hands and my heads pretty fogged up most the time but instead i’m stuck in the house with no real mental stimulation trying to do maths and other things in the morning but i guess everyone’s fighting their own demons.
if u have any advice on how u try and stay calm during stressful patches please tell me since it would be greatly appreciated.
stress is taking at rapid toll on my skin, how can i reverse this besides by supplements or food?
i decided not to show up.
i'm not going back.
i worked there for 3 years and i've always felt like a soulless being once i entered the job.
i was making $17 an hour at this place, 40 hours a week, $500 after tax.
for now i'll be doing ubereats making $20+ an hour.. i will be my own boss and work my own time (temporarily) i know they will be pissed because i'm the only one at this place including the manager that does what i do, but when they presented me a 50 cent raise, i screamed inside.
i finally broke free and i feel a little bad about my decision today, but in the long run i know my mental state will be in a better position.
i can finally drive my wife to work, and drop off our daughters in school and in the afternoon pick my daughters up and then pick my wife up.
this brings me joy.
i know how hard it is for my wife to dress two kids in the morning, take public transportation when it's really really cold, raining, snowing outside.
that's really hard.
i pray everything goes well from here on.
[restilen]( an effective way to forget about stress.
taking it regularly helps to increase resistance to stress, reduce stress symptoms, fatigue and exhaustion.
the product is based exclusively on natural ingredients that act directly on the source of the problem.
[restilen]( is designed for men and women who has ever felt stress, anxiety or nervousness and wants to relieve the stress.
 [the product’s effects can be seen from the first day of use.
]([read more](
if you travel, please take this survey.
it takes about one minute and it may help reduce stress during your future travels.
i swear my teachers don’t even care about any of their students.
we just had midterms this week and it was fucking hell.
i studied all week, barely slept and ate, and i’m just so tired of it all.
not to mention we have psats in a day and none of the teachers or even my parents said anything to me.
i have extracurriculars that take time and i don’t know how to do anything right anymore.
i’m just tired and stressed all the time and it’s in a cycle that just keeps going.
i’m only in highschool and i already feel like my life is falling apart.
i can’t seem to focus and i can’t seem to get anything done on time.
i’ve lost all motivation to do school work.
i used to love school and seeing my friends and now i’d rather fucking kill myself than deal with this anymore.
but then i feel bad because i know there’s people with a lot worse problems than me so i’m sorry if i made anyone feel annoyed that was not my intention.
i’m just tired and i need to get all this tension out.
i'm studying for a test to get in a university, it's been really stressing me out so much that something as simple as moving around can be somewhat entertaining.
but recently in a try out test i can't even finish 50% of it even tho i've studied almost all day everyday.
my stress level went up so much that i started to cry (i can't even remember the last time i cried, so it's that bad) and everytime i tried to take a break i always felt guilty because i know i only have around 3 months left to study but i decided to just chill around.
excercising usually works for me but it doesn't for this.
any help?
i don’t know why but my overeating habit got severe after my insomnia was improved.
why?
if you look up how to relieve stress on healthline,tip #3 is to light a candle.
tip #6 is to chew gum.
as someone who has been under moderate to severe stress, this is more than a little insulting.
oh, you were sick and missed 2 days of school and now you have to make up 2 exams, write an extra credit paper, and hope your friend took good notes for you?
here, eat a mint.
😂 it makes you laugh it is so rediculous.
but, don't let your brain think that just because it is a big problem, it requires a big solution.
peppermint, (study done my msu 2016) can do so many things!!
-increase memory, altetness, and processing speeds.
-sleep enhancement, better mood, and decrease stress.
-increases digestive processes and increases pain tolerance!
-it also helps you drive better lol.
my point?
it doesn't have to be hard to solve your problem!!
is minty candy going to solve all your problems?
no.
but it might help, if you let it 💛
does anyone else have long term stressors that you can't change?
like covid, but could also be a sick relative, being a caretaker, etc.
i have all kinds of coping techniques but i find they don't work against long term stress because i end up in a "why bother, it's not going to change" mindset.
anyone have suggestions?
this happened to me today after trying to turn in some algebra test
my dad is getting mad at me for having 0s in school and i’m trying to finish my work and i have until 4pm to finish and i just got out of class but i don’t have that much more time left since it’s 3:07 pm and my parents keep arguing and everyday i have to hear “are you done with your homework’ how many do you have left?” it’s just annoying and obnoxious and i’m freaking out so much
i can’t even concentrate on studying when i’m home though it’s better.
but i can’t concentrate on studying when there are people chattering around me.
it makes me so much stressed out.
what can i do for this?
3 hours relaxing sleep music stress relief music meditation music calm music for insomnia.
slideshow features clips of beach.
deep sleep music and soothing music for insomnia.
this track can be used for sleep, relaxing, meditation, yoga and more.
stress relief music helps relieve stress, fatigue and tension.
close your eyes and jump into a deep state of calm and relaxation and meet your healing sleep.
four years ago i fucked up and haven't stopped since.
everyone around me wishes i wasn't here.
i can't do this any more, i just want to be alone.
finally for one second just be alone.
i don't care about school anymore, i can't do it i just want to give up.
my mind keeps screaming at me.
i am nothing, i destroyed myself a long time ago.
on that day i knew my life was over and it's been sleepwalking ever since.
i don't feel like i'm alive anymore.
nothing gives me pleasure anymore.
i just want to be alone.
now my body is stressed out and i can't sleep
so i know why i’ve been feeling weird and everything is because i had like two assignments to do for this week and i’ve finally submitted them.
but even after submitting them i just feel weird.
i literally can’t sleep and i have this weird hyper feeling and strange sensation in my chest and like this cold feeling in my heart.
i’ve also had a few headaches today.
also i feel like my emotions are gone (happy/sad).
i just feel really weird.
i also can’t visualise things as well as i used to.
i also have the odd bit of heart pain.
i know it seems silly but sometimes i just go on long runs yelling at the top of my lungs.
sometimes i get funny looks but honestly they make me laugh and smile which tends to make me feel better.
it takes some confidence but just go for it!
i always feel lighter after i'm done.
if you think i'm joking [heres]( a video to prove it!
im so fucking done with this...i used to be a good student last few years.
everyone have high expectations for me...look at me now!
i failed all my fucking classes even though i give all of them my full potential.
i’m naturally dumb now and everyone keeps telling me to try harder even though i gave it my all already.
im so tired and done with this!!!
right now i also have anxiety and lots of insecurity...i have almost no motivation to study and get good grades but i always push myself to do it.
i really do give it my all and still i failed...
health tools for the management of mental health?
we developed a free app to help determine which app best suits the user’s needs.
while health apps are supported by more and more evidence and may help people incorporate healthy habits and promote self-care, there are so many apps in the app stores, and most are deemed unsafe.
our team ensure to analyse the apps that we recommend to be certain of their quality.
they are also supported by clinicians !
try it for free at [covid19.therappx.com]( .
we also just launched in on [product hunt]( !
in case you have any questions, feel free to share them here or on product hunt.
as we’re just starting our community, we’d appreciate the upvotes on product hunt….or karma points, obviously!
thank you.
beautiful relaxing music.
soothing music for stress relief and sleep with video features clips of beautiful sunset nature.
deep sleep music for insomnia.
this track can be used for sleep, relaxing, meditation, yoga and more.
stress relief music helps relieve stress, fatigue and tension.
close your eyes and jump into a deep state of calm and relaxation and meet your healing sleep.
hello guys,i would like to say that normally i am a very happy and less-stressed person.
i try to stay positive in most of the situations.
but recently i gave my exams and failed badly.
and now, i have my competitive exams again, coming up in next few months, and the fear of failure has been making me go through extreme stress since the end of december.
my body has never experienced this, lol!
due to this  1. i cant sleep properly and  2. my hair is falling out like crazy (like 150-200) a day.
3. i am breaking outi also stopped exercising for the sake of studying.
could you guys please suggest me some methods to instantly reduce stress?
i know exercise is one of them but i need more alternatives.
thanking you in advance!
anyone who knows me will tell you that travelling is what i live for…it’s been my passion, since i was 2 years old (yes, that young!)
visiting over 40 countries since coming into this world.
my passion for travel happily ‘affected’ my wife who, along with me, have been to six continents since getting married nearly 7 years ago.
never in my wildest dreams did i think i would, one day, dread or wish not to get on a plane or wander through airports smelling the sweet smell of adventure.
sadly, that day came (hopefully a temporary phenomenon) in december 2020. many of you have been asking me the question; what was it like travelling overseas during covid?
is it hard; arduous; tense; annoying; adventurous; inconvenient; tiring; adrenaline-fuelled; abnormal; pain in the ass; not worth it?
my answer: all of the above.
this is part one of a two-part blog post on my recent trip from australia to india and back, in a month!
 i just want to know what works for others because my anxiety/stress isn't getting much better.
my current routine is to just play videogames and jerk off, but it is taking up to much time away from important things like school.
any feedback is greatly appreciated.
 hey everyone, just wanted to share this quick mindset with you!
did you know out of the \~30,000 average thoughts a person has a day, 80% are negative and 95% are repetitive?
as a result, our minds begin to automatically, and subconsciously have negative thoughts.
cognitive behavioral therapists call this “automatic negative thoughts”   this leads to stress, anxiety and fear..  a great way to help this is by adopting the mindset “treat yourself like you treat your best-friend.
a great starting point is to reframe any negative thoughts you have about yourself.
instead of: “i’m not smart enough to do this”, try: “i’ve already learned so much, and will continue to learn.
this has been shown to boost both your health and happiness..put simply, if you wouldn’t say it to your best-friend, don’t say it to yourself.
hope this helped you!
so after finding out that a lot of travelers found baggage claim to be extremely stressful, i began looking for a solution.
i came across a device that notifies you when your suitcase is on the conveyer belt, and makes baggage claim stress-free and more productive.
instead of standing around, stressing about the whereabouts of your bags, and monitoring the crowded conveyer belt, you could plan your trip, answer an email, finish some work, read, watch a tv show ect... in peace knowing exactly when you can pick up your suitcase.
does this solve that problem and is it interesting?
[view poll](
hello so i have anxiety disorder and ocd and i’m on medicine for it but lately i’ve been waking up middle night with a panic attack and my heart will race like crazy and i have to take xanax to calm it down .
my doctor prescribed me 25 mg of hydroxyzine instead of the xanax but i’m worried to take it .
i’m wondering if i should take it before bed so i’m not waking up with panic attacks ?
should i take half ?
does anyone have any experience?
so, the stress i'm trying to manage is quite the beast.
i've put it in dot points to help separate each stressor, but it's still a mess, so sorry in advance!
 work has been putting us through a restructure since july 2020.
 my job doesn't exist in the new structure, and i'm genuinely terrified that i lack the skillsets to do any of the jobs, even in a learning capacity.
i've applied for a few jobs in the new structure to further my career, but i've failed to get a single interview to date.
 i'm terrified about looking outside my current employer, as i'd have to start all over again.
my skillset has unfortunately only become relevant to the employer i'm with.
i graduated a bachelor in information technology in 2016, but it's been so long since then that i've actually forgotten most of the programming stuff i did, and starting again will put me back into the suicide mentality (i think i'm really shit at it, but it's all i have and i don't want to go through the additional stress of reskilling or going back to a shitty retail job that will just make me hang myself in 6 months.
taking an entry-level job at work also isn't an option, as there is no career progression here unless you basically do someone else's job because they're too shit to do it themselves.
that's how i got into my current job, and i absolutely don't want to go back to answering the phones again.
backwards is not an option.
 the last batch of jobs in the new structure came out yesterday and finish in 2 weeks.
applying for these takes about 5-6 hours each, as they want you to write a billion fucking things as part of the application, and each job's application requirements are different from the last.
 i had to move out.
 my situation with flatmates was a risk to my health and immediate safety, so i need to jump ship asap.
due to covid-19, no-one is moving (0.1% of homes in my city and surrounding cities available to rent this month, as opposed to \~10% this time last year), meaning every place i inspected had over 30 people apply for them.
i never heard back regarding my applications.
fortunately, my cousin's friend bought a place and desperately needs someone to fill it.
the rent is higher than what i was looking for by about $100/week, but due to covid-19, the rental market is fucked right now and has driven the rent prices up everywhere in my state in my country.
he offered me the place, but it's unfurnished, so i need to purchase all the furniture and appliances and organise all the amenities.
due to my job instability, i literally don't know if i can afford anything should i find myself unemployed and burning money to keep myself afloat.
i didn't want to be in a position where i have to move home and find a new job simultaneously.
i simply don't have the mental capacity to handle both of these all on my own, even with the help my psychologist provides and friends doing their best to help me out where they can.
i'm genuinely terrified that it's all going to be too much and i'll kill myself very soon or later this year if this stress goes on for too long.
any tips on managing this fucking nightmare my life is right now?
&amp;#x200b;edit: while my employer couldn't pick a worse time to choose to restructure, they've got a contract with a career support service that has helped with resume sculpting and interview preparation, but i feel super inadequate and a bit of a lost cause.
edit 2: my dog of 13 years died this morning, so the last 6 months can fuck off, and then fuck off again.
hi reddit, i am looking for people to give feedback on an idea to help alleviate stress at the workplace .
if anybody is interested please get in touch with me to know more about it and give suggestions.
it would not take more than 5 min.
thank you very much.
does anyone else relate?
it’s like even if it’s just a normal day i find myself feeling exhausted by it and i can’t actually be happy ever while i’m at work.
i want to not care if it’s a work day or not and feel just as happy regardless whether or not i have work.
i don’t know if this is achievable.
obviously i have my days when i feel mega stressed too when the workload is heavy but i want to basically become immune to work and not have it exhaust me and effect my motivation for other things or is that not possible?
beautiful relaxing music for stress relief.
calm the mind.
soothing music for stress relief and sleep with video features clips of beautiful mountain.
deep sleep music for insomnia.
this track can be used for sleep, relaxing, meditation, yoga and more.
stress relief music helps relieve stress, fatigue and tension.
close your eyes and jump into a deep state of calm and relaxation and meet your healing sleep.
i’ve been stressed lately due to overworking and other things.
i think i’m at the point where i’m not gonna escape the eventual burnout.
it’s just a matter of being prepared and wondering when its going to happen.
so how do i prepare myself?
what loose ends do i need to tie before i don’t care for an unforeseeable amount of time?
i’ve already prepared some stuff that will release online on a schedule (i make content online).
and how do i do it without anyone in my family catching on that something is wrong (i know i shouldn’t hide it, but i’d rather not let them know).
 the chirping birds, flowing rivers, gracious looking waterfalls, waves of ocean, sea, a lake, and falling rain are all examples of natural sounds.
different people will have different preference but generally speaking these sounds have positive impact on the mood and tend to give a calming effect to the listener.
check this out to try for yourself [soothing sounds]( and find your preference.
good things happen to shitty people, and the world constantly falls apart for the genuinely beautiful people.
i've been struggling for so long and things just keep getting worse.
covid is the least of my worries.
i stress so easily because things never go to plan, my anxiety makes it all worse, everything i try to build up just come crumbling down.
does it get better?
i try for positivity and to look on the bright side but that just builds up the negative crap that flows through my head.
just a rant here, need to vent if you don't mind, it builds up.
on the outside i smile, on the inside i'm raging... so many triggers in my day to day.
any advice on ways to unwind?
 hello r/stress!
as part of my studies i'm doing research on patient sleep experience in the icu.
i've compiled some questions in this short (anonymous) [survey]( in order to to get an idea of how well a weighted blanket could be used in the icu environment.
so if you have and/or have used a weighted blanket i'd be grateful if you took the time to fill out my survey.
i'm estimating it shouldn't take more than 10 minutes, probably less than 5.
relaxing music for stress relief and sleep ocean with video features clips of fish in seabed.
deep sleep music for insomnia.
this track can be used for sleep, relaxing, meditation, yoga and more.
stress relief music helps relieve stress, fatigue and tension.
close your eyes and jump into a deep state of calm and relaxation and meet your healing sleep.
hello everyone&amp;#x200b;we are doing a little market research about being stressed, the following symptomps and how you handle it.
this survey is totally anonymous and no data will be published in any ways.
i'd really appreciate if you take 5 minutes of your time to help me do this research.
[&amp;#x200b;thank you in advance and have a lovely day :)
i used to feel all types of negative emotions, rarely experiencing the positive ones.
before finding this.
i've found many names for this energy like spiritual chills, euphoria, voluntary goosebumps, ecstasy, prana, chi, qi, vayus, aura, mana, life force, pitī, rapture, ruah, ether, nephesch, chills, goosebumps, the force and many more.
not only is this energy the very essence of the positive emotions in our physical body it's in every thing in nature.
after cultivating this pure euphoric energy by exposing myself constantly to whatever brought it up in a positive way, the feeling everywhere on my body and the levels off it have just been truly ecstatic.
if you are interested in taking control of your energy and feel euphoria on-demand i made this short [tutorial youtube video](  explaining how you can also activate your spirits power.
i am a student who was online for the first 4 months of school, and have been in school a week now.
i get 6-8 hours of homework a night!
i don’t know how to manage it on top of other stuff going on in my life!
any advice?
i’m a student who was online for the first 4 monthes of the school year, and this week was my first week back, i’ve spent an average of 6-8 hours on homework after 7 hours of school.
i don’t have many friends who are in school, and i don’t know how to deal with all of these assignments so suddenly.
any advice for efficiently doing school work and still sleeping?
i have been stressed out 24/7 for almost a year now and am having many health issues, dizzy, cluster head aches, raised bumps in my skin, diarrhea and many other things doctors can't seem to find the reason which in turn is making me more stressed out.
has any had this happen to them or is it something not related
i have a meeting with an admissions counselor in 2 days where i have to sell myself.
basically if i don’t get in here i will take a gap year or go to community college.
my family and me and riding on this if it works out i’m just really worried anyone ever had a similar experience?
hello all.
thought you might like this blog on the benefits of crying in these stressful times.
feel free to share it.
take care.
ok so i got like 6 projects waay due their deadline and im hella stressed and this is all my fault i really just wanna get it out and maybe get some tips to stop procrastinating, to anyone who is also experiencing please dont be lazy and do your work because youll be stressed just like me
ever since i got in my second quad master, everything went out smoothly.
but there was this project i had for the design course that took me the whole christmas break to do.
(i only had 2 weeks of that break) since it was a plushie project, my teacher expects us to have a sewing machine at home.
i didn't have one so i sew it all by hand.
i would stay up until 6 am to work on it then wake up at 8 am to sew again, by doing all of that myself i pushed back all of my other units for my other course and now i have fallen behind a lot.. i would always make a schedule for my day but then i have interruptions such as how my mom would get mad at me for not getting my work on time then goes on to say she's gonna take my electronics away?
idk she's gonna make me fail either way if she ever does that again.
then i have a boyfriend that i've been with for a year and a few months now, in october 2020 he did a suicide attempt and i felt so useless not being there in person.
which of course i broke down, didn't do my work for the whole night, didn't eat anything, and when my mom walked into my room when i had my break down and she made a happy expression that i broke up with him.
i told her about it and she didn't care and left my room.
2 hours later he was alive and well and i felt relieved but now i feel more paranoid that he would do that again.
people say that taking breaks is good when you're stressed.
but i can't take any breaks, i'm behind in my subjects and i only have this week and 3 more weeks until i have to move on to the next quadmester.
after that, outstanding work from that unit will become a 0.
\[univeristy of portsmouth, uk\] hey everyone!
if you can spare some time to take part in my study for my dissertation about time constraints that would be amazing!
the study should only take you between 15-30 minutes to complete and any respondents would be greatly appreciated.
thank you for your time whether you decide to participate or not.
have a nice day.
 hello, we are a group of psychology researchers from the university of kent, uk and institute of psychology, polish academy of sciences.
it would be a huge help if any us nationals interested would fill out our survey (18+ years old only) about how people react to stressful events and what kinds of thoughts and emotions these events evoke.
\[link to the survey removed by op as data collection is complete\]the survey takes 10-15 minutes to complete, and we're happy to answer any queries or questions you may have.
thanks for your timeedit: thank you so much to everyone who participated, it is really appreciated!
hey!
i was having a stressful period, and i had a lot of headaches.
but while sleeping, one of the weirdest thing happened to me:my brain starts shivering, like i was electrocuted.
some weird thoughts starts coming into my head (subconscious thoughts).
the most interesting thing is that i was completely conscious of it happening to the point that i feel like i was the reason of it happening in the first place (like i came up with the thoughts).
also, after it finished (it didn't last long like it felt like 20secs) i was completely conscious with my eyes closed, thinking if i think of good thoughts, and regenerate it again, it will have a different feeling.
weird right.
but this is not the first time it happened to me.
it happened in a same stress period a year ago.
hopefully guys you can help me figure out it's name, cause i really wanna know if it's harmful.
if you experienced the same thing let me know ❤️
i was wondering if someone had these same symptoms or what the cause might be.
i think it is stress/anxiety.
i get head pressure and feel the need to look down because when i look up the pressure increases with talking, difficult swallowing food, breathing through my mouth, stomach pressure/bloated, and stuffed up nose like congestion.
it happens when i get too overwhelmed or talking too fast and its horrible.
i’m so stressed about school right now and i see no way to fix it :( i had good grades last year but this year it’s gone to shit :( i started 2020 with a loving happy relationship with a very good future ahead of me.
and i’m starting 2021 crying at 3am with the girlfriend but we can both tell it’s about to fall apart.
no school grades anymore.
wishing i dropped out.
with suicide as a slight option on the table for this year :) i need help :(
school starting soon once more, and this is my graduating semester.
i just saw my schedule, and it is packed with double unit days amounting to 4 hours per subject in a single day for for the entire week.
i don't think i've seen a schedule this hectic like ever in my high-school life.
on top of that, filling out college applications are a nightmare with how disorganized everything is at the moment.
many of my contacts from just a few months ago have been layed off because schools can't keep them around anymore.
its all gotten me feeling pretty terrible, and i can't even sit on my chair anymore without having a narly ass headache forcing me to lie down.
but lying down gets me even more stressed knowing i'm not doing work...i've done a bunch of basic things like self reflection with music on, breathing exercises, very light stretching, and just walking around the block.
still though, it helps for the moment, but when i sit down and do my work, it comes back after a few minutes.
maybe i can find some help here?
thank you.
 restilen is an effective way to forget about stress.
taking it regularly helps to increase resistance to stress, reduce stress symptoms, fatigue and exhaustion.
the product is based exclusively on natural ingredients that act directly on the source of the problem.
restilen is designed for men and women who has ever felt stress, anxiety or nervousness and wants to relieve the stress.
the product’s effects can be seen from the first day of use.
start promoting restilen and receive 30% from each sale!
take advantage of the product’s potential and make money in the health and beauty sector.
click here [ for release your stress free life
[this melody can help you practise daily mindfulness and self-disciplined.
as a mindfulness tool, people will be encouraged to look within themselves and focus on the present moment.
help acknowledge, recognise, and evaluate any thoughts you have.
with music, you can recognise your frustration and stress towards the situation, approach them more calmly, and convert your emotions into healthy and productive thoughts.
hey everyone, i have been struggling with stress a long time and finally found something that helps.. i was able to try this new app that teaches breathing to push the body into rest&amp;digest state.
the amazing thing is that you can see your heart rate react to the breathing in real time 🤯 i have 5 more invites.
if you have an iphone and apple watch you can sign up here:  and please mention that i (andy) sent you, to receive the spot.
first come, first serve obviously.
i hope it helps you as much as it helped me!
do you know why?
[the link above takes you to my survey about social media use, stress and resilience during the covid-19 pandemic.
all responses will be anonymous.
if you have 10-20 minutes to spare, i'd really appreciate it if you participate.
thank you
is this because snack is bad for health?
hello all,my name is nour and i'm a psychology graduate from columbia university.
i am working on a research initiative to better understand mental health on college campuses in the us.
we are currently looking to speak to college students/recent grads who have either: struggled with mental health and are seeking for help been involved in helping other students struggling with their mental health.
would you be open to speaking to us briefly for about 20 mins in the next few weeks?
i would so appreciate your perspective, wisdom, and experience to help guide our efforts.
if you are willing to help us please let me know what times work with you via dm or you can directly schedule a call here: [i hope everyone had a restful holiday and looking forward to meeting and speaking with you.
kindly,
i’m taking online classes just lake a majority of the population right now and i have 7 classes i am taking, we do a and b scheduling but one specific class stresses me out so much.
and i’m really confused as to why this is happening it’s not like the class assignments are a lot we get a fair amount of work but not a lot.
but every time i’m in that class or go to do the work for that class my heart beats so fast to the point where i feel like it’s going to come out of my chest and my breathing gets all heavy and i get a stomach and head ache and it takes a bit for me to calm down.
i have not been diagnosed with any sort of anxiety nor am i going to self diagnose.
but it has really become a burden because it takes me half an hour or so to calm myself down, on top of that the class requires cameras to be on and don’t mind it but i will literally be in so much panic and i have to pretend i’m fine on camera because of obvious reasons.
i just got out of said class while typing this out and im still on edge and my hands are shaking i just hope this can stop soon because this is a class i can’t get out of doing until next school year..if anyone has any tips or advise i would greatly appreciate it.
anyone else have stress dreams every night?
my dreams are never peaceful.
there is always something chaotic happening.
there's always something i have to fix, something extreme at stake, people in my life abusing me, or some kind of major life failure such as failing high school (i'm 26 with my ged).
every night i wake up out of breath and with my fists and jaw clenched.
often i wake up in the middle of the night because i'm so out of breath and because the stress of the dream is too high.
rarely they are nightmares, but existing like this feels like one.
books with the most impactful contents...?
has anyone ever had stress and anxiety twitches?
i’ve been having them recently mostly in my calves and it’s such a terrible thing to deal with especially when i try to sleep.
i wanted to know if anyone had any tips to try and get rid of them.
how can you tell if anxious or stressed?
my stomach makes noise often and cause flatulence and belching accompanied with acid reflux(?
), slow digestion and i think anxiety or stress is doing it
latley feels like my days are just flashes and segments that i go through it isn't a smooth day like it used to be i have average amount of stress probably less honestly, i can deal with stress but this heavy brain, flashing memories is just awful.
anybody have similar experience, any simple remdies i can try thanks.
i know for a fact there’s a convict stalking about in my woods right now.
i don’t know if this is the right place to post this... but, recently i just had a few hours of where i just felt agitated.
if someone were to piss me off i would hurt them without second thought.
i was super tired at the time and was in this state of anger but also was feeling chill.
i felt all the things i would feel when i’m mad but i’m just sitting there mindlessly doing homework :/.
what is this feeling and has anyone else felt that too??
hello all,my name is nour and i'm a psychology graduate from columbia university.
i am working on a research initiative to better understand mental health on college campuses.
we are currently speaking to college students who have either: struggled with mental health been involved in helping other students struggling with their mental health are familiar with the mental health ecosystem within universities.
would you be open to speaking to us briefly for about 20 mins in the next few weeks?
i would so appreciate your perspective, wisdom, and experience to help guide our efforts.
if you are willing to help us please let me know what times work with you via dm or you can directly schedule a call here: [i hope everyone is having a restful holiday and looking forward to meeting and speaking with you.
kindly,
what to do about factors out of your control??
try this mental technique for releasing unwanted emotions.
httpss://youtu.be/l8d-xvbacwo
 making us take things way to seriously, being stuck in the past, being ruled by our emotions and the fear of being criticized.
if you don't already know our conscious awareness is one of our most powerful tool in this life.
being in full control of it opens us up to receive the infinite cosmic energy from the universe.
did he just say infinite?
yes, and you can see how this energy truly is by noticing how every second we get a new opportunity to change our state of being, point of view, and mental state.
did he just say cosmic energy!?
yes i did, and on the energetic side you can observe this cosmic energy inside of you when you get goosebumps from watching inspiring movies, listening to moving or exciting music, feeling eager, thinking about someone you love and more.
i've found many names for this energy like spiritual chills, euphoria, voluntary goosebumps, ecstasy, prana, chi, qi, vayus, aura, mana, life force, pitī, rapture, ruah, ether, nephesch, chills, goosebumps and many more.
if you want to learn how to really tap into this energy here's a [youtube video]( for you.
on a less deeper side, you can open yourself up to it by:letting go of all the baggages from your past, not taking everything so seriously,stop letting yourself be ruled by your emotions (mind over matter)and by not blocking yourself from living life because of the fear of criticism from others.
one or all of these things combined will take away all of your power that you have from the now, your present.
so i stress about the worst stuff (things i shouldn't be stressed about) i have recently spent $300 on a roleplaying game for deluxe cars and i'm now starting to regret it realising that i might not stay on that server for less than a year so i'm thinking to myself what was the point i just put $300 in the trash because since they are my only friends and they leave then i would be alone and wouldn't want to stay in that server and then i wouldn't be able to savor the cars that i spent $300 on.
i'm also stressing about the same server, i only have 3 friends in that server some might leave in like a month or two some might leave in a year, so i want to spend as much time with them as i can same thing for the $300 i spent.
i had to decide to get a job (in game) and wanted to be a police officer which i thought was really cool but in a previous situation the work of a police man in that server was really stressful which i realised from one annoying guy so i wanted to quit and be a prison guard which isn't that much of a fun job but i would be with my four friends who work together there.
my dad (irl) told me that i shouldn't quit something because of one annoying person since there are a lot of people who are going to be annoying in my life.
i stress about multiple other things but those are not what are stressing me that much now anymore.
i love this server and i want to continue playing on it.
i have vowed not to use that much money a game ever again, which is already a start but what has been done is done and i've decided to work with my friends even if the job isn't that cool (cause i want to spend time with them), but i still can't stop stressing about all of it.
does anyone have any ways to not stress about things like this overall?
so, i'm a college game development student who's just applied for uni and i've also had 3 different units to complete in the past 3 months.
i was stressed over my personal statement and my unis of choice; and then even after sending the application, i got stressed over getting a reference and other details.
there's also the fact my friend, who i joined this course with, said he won't be applying to uni so i will be all alone even if i do get in (i'm not good at being independent).
i applied two weeks ago and yet i constantly stress over the idea of failing to get into uni just for small mistakes in assignments that have yet to be marked.
the first unit one was due mid-november and i completed it but i'm stressed over the harvard referencing because of the font, size and, to be completely honest, i don't know if i even referenced things right.
i even noticed just now that in my project proposal, i gave the pathway for my last year course instead of the second year one so i'm scared but at the same time i've seen other proposals and they don't include the pathway so i'm unsure if i'm in the clear or not, arrgh!
the next unit is coming to a close (like a week) and i don't have any development to show for it but i have a ton of research.
this is mostly due to it being a team-based unit and we have been unsure as to what we were actually supposed to be making until only a week ago since our tutors kept giving us mixed messages.
lockdown hasn't made anything any better either.
we have to work at home now so our teams' communication has gone down the drain.
the third unit has just started and it's going to be a specialised study unit which means a lot of it be just trying to find as much information about a couple of different artists.
(i'm not too stressed about this unit since i excel at independent study).
but it's also a matter of my fmp starting in a couple of weeks which will determine our end of year grade, which will most likely determine whether i get accepted into uni.
i received a distinction last year in the first-year course, so all i need this year is to get a merit or higher.
however, if i only get a pass then i won't have enough tariff points for the uni courses i applied to!
i'm incredibly overloaded with stress and i've never really learnt how to get rid of it since my mind is always on overclock just overthinking every minor thing!
please, someone, give me advice or tell me how to stop this...
fuck, this happens every january.
i can't do everything in my life right now.
i have so many responsibilities and i'm so overwhelmed.
i wish i could pause life at this moment at 1:04 pm and just sort of play video games for a month while everyone else are frozen and then continue without any time having passed.
fuck, i just needed to vent.
well, back to writing my essay which i need to get done by tonight arrh.
the worst part is that i just have to study for the next exam when i finish this shit.
so i have this vague memory were i though i sended someone an explicit message via instagram dm.
i panicked and thought that i might have actually send it on the 19th of december.
i didn’t hear anything about the message in the meantime.
(might have not sended it (ocd) ) so i decided the best way to know if i did it, to send another message to him but this time in full consisentcy of doing it.
with (screenshots).
so i did that an got back a normal reaction.
whe had a short converstation, but nothing about the message was mentioned.
still to this day i’m panicking that he has kept it secret and i actually did send something.
the memory has been repeated in my head over a 500+ times so i don’t have an actual clear vision anymore that devides my memoryh from reality.
how does this sound to you and do you guys think about it?
(he later followed me back)
[this melody can help you practise daily mindfulness and self-disciplined.
as a mindfulness tool, people will be encouraged to look within themselves and focus on the present moment.
help acknowledge, recognise, and evaluate any thoughts you have.
with music, you can recognise your frustration and stress towards the situation, approach them more calmly, and convert your emotions into healthy and productive thoughts.
lately i have noticed a grinding or vibrating sensation in or around my ears, most specifically and recognizably while playing and listening to the music in video games.
the sensation is non-existent, or, at the most, significantly fainter, when doing other similar activities like listening to non-video game music, watching tv, or listening to podcasts or the radio.
i am under a lot of stress and think it’s probably stress related, but it really does seem specific to video games.
i suspect it might be something to do with game music, such as that in dragon quest 11 or pokémon, tending to be higher pitched and “busier” than the sounds of those other things i mentioned.
anyway, thank you for reading, and i am wondering if anyone has experienced something similar, or has any thought about why this might be happening.
hey guys, my friend writes in this blog and she just came out with a really helpful article on stress.
thought i'd share on here:[
 i created this video hoping it might help people de-stress - especially with covid separating us.
does it?
to be short, my stress stems from other people being stressed.
i myself personally have no real issues but this pandemic has made life hard for people i care about and thus causes my stress.
the biggest one is a friend of mine who because of the pandemic and her health issues/weak immune system she has been unable to consistently keep a job this year.
i help her as best i can; driving her to work/interviews (she has no car), lending her money which i know wont be repaid anytime soon(through no fault of hers) and has depleted my savings account.
she also has depression and because of all of this has been having more and more low days.
her roommate also has depression and recently it culminated in him having a breakdown on a bad day and pulling out his gun wanting to end it all.
thankfully we called his best friend and sister and they convinced him to go to a doctor and get help but i know this just compounds my friends anxiety about being a burden on him because she herself has been unable to pay rent the past few months.
(note, he has a very good paying job and doesnt necessarily need her rent, he mostly wanted a roommate for the company but its still  a source of great guilt and shame for her.)
she just found out today that her seasonal job decided not to keep her on and she has to hunt for another job again and it makes me worried about her even though she seems level headed about it right now and i dont feel like she is a huge risk (right now but i know i still need to keep an eye on her and check in.)
the coping mechanism(?
): perhaps this was triggered by her roommates breakdown but through part of the day i've just been running the scenario through my mind: what if she does kill herself?
i run it through my head how i might act, or feel, who i would call, what life might be like for me afterwards and feel the emotions of the imagined scenario wash over me even as i think about it from a practical stand-point.
the reason i call this a coping mechanism(?)
is because this isnt the first time i've done this.
almost everyone i know/am close to has depression and is on meds, one of these friends i drove to the hospital after her suicide attempt a few years ago( a different friend, and i was her crutch at the time like i am for this friend).
almost all of my depressed friends i've run through the horrible scenario in my head and had the thoughts of "what would i do?
how would this effect my life physically and emotionally?"
i do my best to be available for my friend while trying to keep my own mental health in check (even though i feel guilty when i say i cant hang out with her/dont have the spoons to drive to her place as she lives 30 minutes away.
), and while im helping her financially i know i cant keep doing it but i try to help her when she needs rides or small things, but other than that theres not much else i can do to help her, its all been horrendous bad luck out of our control.
i know this thought process probably isnt normal but could it just be this weird coping mechanism im doing to try and assert some sort of control of the situation,  or am i a complete sociopath for running the scenarios in my head?
bonjour, que pensez-vous des balles collantes anti-stress de chez skyball ?
après avoir vu quelques vidéos sur tiktok, je les ai commandé sur skyball.fr et elles sont incroyables
lately i feel like i wanna run away and delete all social media and just completely reinvent myself.
i know it’s an irrational thought cause i have a great life and a fantastic partner who takes care of me and gives me everything i could ever ask for.
i’m having so much self internalized crisis that it’s triggering my seizures.
i took a kolonopin last night and it helped a lot but this morning i had another seizure.
i have to go to work right now and i’m a hairstylist so i’m worried about being over stressed at work and having one in front of a client or while i’m doing hair, but i’m worried of telling my employer because i don’t want to be an inconvenience.
i wish i could just disappear.
so, i have no idea where to start.
first of all i want to apologize for possible grammatical mistakes or typos since english is not my mother tongue.
university is stressing me out lately.
i know bohoo university is stressful.
my add doesn't make it easier though.
i am far behind with any exercise and i am running out of days.
i really try my best but for any reason anyone else is way faster in handling this amount of exercises.
i feel like a dumb peace of shit because i can't even handle an art bachelor degree course.
i have no energy lately.
everything's overwhelming me.
i feel like i am constantly on the edge of breaking down in tears.
my boyfriend is sick, that's why i have to do most of the housework.
because of his illness he'll go in rehab in a bit more than a week.
idki am just, overwhelmed by life i guess.
and i wish there was someone who could just take away half of the excersises i have to do.
i want to stop the time for a month, for rehabilitation.
and then for another so i can catch up with all these excersises.
thank you for reading so far, i really appreciate that.
i hope i didn't bore you.
please be nice if you decide to comment.
thank you
my brother is going to the marines soon and i’m excited for him.
ever since he started talking about joining the marines, i also wanted to do that in the near future.
when i decided to talk to my mom about joining the marines, she says no.
at first i thought it was absurd but her reason was that most females within these military programs get raped, sexually assaulted and/or harassed.
now it just stress me out even more for me to not be able to try something without the fear of being attacked because i’m a certain gender.
man, why is the world like this.
(this is a rant, sorry if it doesn’t make sense, i just had to get this off my chest)
there's so much posts about people blogs or channel and it's just annoying.
why don't we have rules against this?
i'm so anxious.
this pandemic has made me realize how scared i am of uncertainties.
the main reason i'm stressing out rn is because i'm unsure whether i'll be able to finally pursue my plans for work this year.
i was supposed to fly to the us for work last year but covid happened.
it has been a roller coaster ride since then.
one moment i am told that i might no longer have the job offer then after a few months they tell me that they will still hire me which is great but i'm scared i might get some bad news again.
this job means a lot to me.
with everything that has been happening, i can't help but worry that things might now go as planned again this year.
i worry about it every single day.
uuuggh.
i should stop thinking too much but i can't get it off my mind.
my head hurts
hey y'all, just as the title says, i'm seeking input on watches like the garmin or fitbit that seem to work best for people.
anyone have experience using these?
i'm a very anxious person and i've been so stressed and depressed lately.
quarantine and working from home is kicking my ass mentally.
i'm not sure if i'm sick from covid or just my general anxiety is affecting me.
thanks in advance!
i tend to eat a lot of foods because i have to study hard everyday on the same thing.
and i want to change this habit so i would like to do exercise more.
however i feel doing exercise is kind of a waste of time.
so i would like to know some your advice.
 i did untill i sat down and put all my attention on that area affected by my anxiety and started to slowly consciously guide my breath there.
what happened next was so unreal to me at that time.
i felt that area, which was hot from anxiety, become cold and colder as the "stuck" energy was being dispelled and after a while it felt as if i swallowed an ice cube which reached the depth of my stomach to that location.
to me this says a lot about how important it is to consciously breathe at specific times.
for example did you know that certain diseases thrive in an oxygen less body?
the most interesting thing about breathing i learned is that it is one of the many expressions from what many would call prana (chi, life-force, prana, qi, ki, pitī, rapture, chills, spiritual chillls, goosebumps, ecstasy, euphoria, aura, mana, ruah, nephesch and many more).
i made this [youtube video]( for you if you are interested in these concepts.
so i work with a guy that is not taking the virus seriously.
he let's his kids go out and do whatever they want.
he's already had to be tested 7 times and i've had to be tested twice.
i guess he just don't care who he gets sick.
i've tried talking to him about it and he said it his choice to do what he and his kids do.
it's a free country.
i have a mother with cold that lives with me and i swear to god if he gets her sick he will pay.
i'm constantly worried about covid now because  he won't do the right thing.
being chronicly stressed i've become accustomed to stress that i often don't notice what i'm doing.
i'm tired from this overthinking so i may not make sense sometimes
so, a few things have started to happen that has caused me to have the worst mental breakdown i’ve ever had at work.
but i want to know how they’re related, if they are the cause, and how i can fix it.
1. to start off, i have depression and anxiety.
i take medication for it and i’ve not had a problem with them since.
meds work pretty well.
2. for the past 2 months, i’ve been dealing with stress at work with a boss who hardly comes in, and employees that don’t do their job correctly.
i also have problems with clients that aren’t happy with how we control things and dogs that shouldn’t be at daycare.
(doggy daycare).
i have to deal with people that can’t do their job and i have to work extra hard to cover for them.
we do not have a manager as it’s her business.
3. my mother has recently been diagnosed with cancer.
i live 1,000 miles away and finally got to see her after 3 1/2 months of being away (sister had a wedding in august so i was away for about 8months due to the pandemic).
she has stage 3 and is on radiation and chemo.
it was the first time i seen her look so weak, exhausted, in pain, and grouchy.
i didn’t want to leave my mom (even though my dad is taking care of her) and i only got to see her for a week before me and my bf had to go back to our home state.
i am very very very close to my mom so all of this and departing from her really broke my heart.
4. i’m very sensitive but i can hold my own.
you could say i’m very sweet, supportive but also been isolated from life since i lived most of it in the country.
i don’t know certain things and my bf gets very impatient and frustrated with me when i don’t explain things fully or have trouble with things and actions that are common sense.
5. i have diagnosed adhd and take a large amount of medication for it.
sometime, my medicine doesn’t kick in properly making my brain foggy and my way of thinking is all over the place.
this makes my bf upset when he doesn’t get why i’m talking so weirdly or all over the place.
6. and lastly, on december 16th of this year, i switched over to a new form of birth control, nexplanon, or birth control implant, the one that goes in your arm.
i’ve been spotting irregularly, breaking out like mad (face usually is clean and clear as a whistle), and i feel like i’m crying more than ever before.
although it does seem like it’s my implant, i feel like there is more to this story.
right now, i usually keep my composure when ever my bf gets frustrated, annoyed, or angry with me.
i keep it pretty well together.
however, tonight, he got frustrated with me, not raising his voice, nothing that shows anger, and.....i felt like bawling.
like super hard core bawling.
this is not normal.
my sleep, eating, drinking, everything else is fine.
nothing is bothering me that usually does.
everything is normal but for some reason i feel like anything could set me off.
i’m afraid to go into work and i’m afraid i’m gonna get fired.
please, anyone out there, tell me what’s wrong!
i really need to know.
i’m desperate!
hello, i am a junior in high school who has a good gpa but average sat scores.
i also play volleyball and am pretty good at it.
lately i have been really stressing out about my future.
especially about if i'm good enough to go to a college i'd actually enjoy and what i even want to do in college.
i feel so much pressure to go to a decent school and get a scholarship for volleyball.
obviously i'm very capable of doing this but my mind always seems to stop me from feeling capable.
i feel lost as well because i should know what i want to major in by now.
all i know is that i would like to help people, but that doesn't really get me anywhere.
i'm tired of overthinking this topic please help in any way you know.
all is appreciated!
sorry this is all over the place.
i have been working out like crazy, keeping my diet as perfect and strict as possible seeing friends keeping up with family and always studying!
until just recently i have found it all so much of a struggle it feels like i can only prioritize a few of these things over others and it scares me that i may have lost my drive or motivation.
this all started when the pandemic started around march and also shortly after that i went through a breakup so my anxiety and stress levels have only increased since then.
does anyone know a way to find my balance and my drive again?
i've had this problem for a while now.
it feels like my body won't relax itself, and i'm constantly anxious.
it started when i learned i had a possibly serious health problem.
i exercise and eat the right foods, but the stress is still there.
meditation only helps a little bit, but probably only because i'm not too good at it yet.
i actually find that the best fix is crying, but i'm not usually suffering enough to cry.
it's more borderline, and the crying just emerges after a while, especially if i listen to sad music.
while anxious i can feel the pressure that comes with the anxiety in my head and all over my body, and my blood pressure can shoot through the roof.
i'm trying to learn some ways to immediately calm myself down without meds or supplements so i can relax and enjoy my life worry free.
[this melody can help you practise daily mindfulness and self-disciplined.
as a mindfulness tool, people will be encouraged to look within themselves and focus on the present moment.
help acknowledge, recognise, and evaluate any thoughts you have.
with music, you can recognise your frustration and stress towards the situation, approach them more calmly, and convert your emotions into healthy and productive thoughts.
[stress counseling]( is an authentic treatment through which an individual can get help from his/her pressure and influence the brain to fresh to work appropriately.
there are different systems accessible for stress advising in the market
currently having daily anxiety and just sense of being lost.
starting to go through some court stuff with my ex and son.. and i don’t feel like i can talk to my significant other about it.
i am also feeling some trouble there, i am lashing out at him out of frustration; and i feel so bad about it.
we had a conversation but it seemed more like it was mostly on my end so i’m just going with the flow and trying to be calm, but now our relationship feels empty and strained.
along with being unemployed, and school being out, and of course covid; i just feel like there is nothing tp look forward to.
i have a counselor and it’s been okay, up until the last month i’ve been feeling pretty good, but after this custody stuff it’s gone downhill from there... thinking maybe some meds?
i’ve never been  on meds in my adult life?
will it help?
i feel like i just can’t turn my brain off.
any words of encouragement, life advice, coping mechanisms or just something to keep my mind from spiraling?
thanks.
hello guys!
i'm 25 year old and a software engineer .i wanted to go foreign country to do master but somehow couldn't manage it and my group of friends are in foreign countries for their master which hit me so hard that i entered into anxiety mode and dont feel like to do anything how to handle such situation....
do you struggle with anxiety?
learn the signs of [anxiety disorders]( such as restlessness, the effect of cannabis on anxiety, extreme agitation,  sleeplessness, increased intake of addictive products.
everytime i think about work, i start to get blocked and start to spiral with anxiety.
my brain just starts to get so stressed i start to get disturbing intrusive images that will make me go get distracted so i can stop having them, but that doesnt make any of my work disappear, so of course that will make me accumulate work and then have to either work for weeks without rest or have a breakdown and fail on my projects.
when i overwork myself, its to a point where i will need to rest for several days after, which can make me go to the ''get distracted and avoid doing work'' phase because my brain just doesnt want to go through several days like that again.
but then works gets accumulated, and it happens again.
there is no inbetween, im not able to work bit by bit and get organized because my brain is actively fighting against me.
i guess my question is how to not get blocked?
how do i stop this cycle of distractions, rest and then punishment?
been managing stress better today, but recently it's been stomach pain that moves around my abdomin, gas, burping, fatigue and soreness.
anybody else feel anything like that?
so the lead up to christmas was extremely stressful (that's a story for another sub) &amp; now that all the family stuff is done i woke up this morning with the worst pain almost ever in my side - like i've ripped a muscle open!
has anyone else ever had their stress manifest in physical pain or am i just strange?
you might've heard of chi, life-force, prana, qi, ki, pitī, rapture, chills, spiritual chillls, goosebumps, ecstasy, euphoria, aura, mana, ruah, nephesch and many more.
not only is this energy the very essence of the positive emotions in our physical body it's in every thing in nature.
after understanding this energy that is most easier felt with goosebumps, i can will this pure ecstasy everywhere in my body.
i finally found balance and the ability to deflect any negativity that may come from the outside world.
if you are interested in taking control of your energy and feel euphoria on-demand i made this short [tutorial youtube video]( explaining how you can also activate your spirits power.
hi everyone, i’m a psychic medium with a youtube show about helping others.
in the most recent episode of my show, i use a lot of fast-paced humor as i cover 4 concepts and 37 tips/tricks for dealing with stress.
i hope someone finds it helpful!
[the channeling white light show - episode 4 - the stress episode ](
i’m ed (18m) studying mathematical physics at nottingham and i can do a lot of shit.
i’m (relatively) academically intelligent, have played the piano since i were 6, write&amp;produce my own music [put my first solo project on spotify today], i’m about top 100 for duathlon sports in uk unis/colleges etc.
i have incredible, loving (yet divorced) parents who are amazing and i really appreciate.
my step-parents are great and my step-brother is one of my best friends.
on paper, i’m living the dream.
yet i just can’t find any sort of peace with myself, i get overwhelmed/stressed with too much social interaction and i’m always critiquing myself.
my mum’s a counsellor and we just don’t get along (mindset-wise) and she claims i have mild asperger’s syndrome, as a number of my friends/teachers have previously said.
this doesn’t bother me because the result is irrespective of anything in my life, but recently i am finding myself thinking about some deep, dark shit (although a lot of which i know i would never do).
i have been in this place before, multiple times, but this definitely feels different.
i’ve had some close calls before, very serious car crash when i was 17 and a trip to hospital of an lsd trip gone majorly wrong.
i would love to say i care but it seems as if i’ve just given up on myself recently, i want to be the best person i can but i have never successfully managed a friendship which hasn’t gone wrong (probably because of me) and i’ve never been emotionally involved because i am so fucking insecure of everything to do with emotions.
i have never ever spoken about myself like to this anyone before, let alone to the public, i just don’t understand it.
i appreciate this has been a very tedious message to read but i humbly assure you it was more painful to write, the only reason i did was because i’m currently avoiding my parents at all costs because i physically can’t have a conversation with anyone right now, i’m exhausted.
(it’s xmas day!)
recently i’ve noticed the way my brain works is totally different to everyone else and it’s unsettling knowing that none of my friends or family will understand who i am.
edit: i am also developing a very minor drug problem, i’ve been high everyday for the past few weeks because i cave in and give up with trying to sort stuff out whilst soberi sort of want to say merry christmas but i feel like i’ve just contradicted any sort of ‘christmas spirit’tl;drnothing i ever do will fulfil me because i’m a greedy cunt and i’m struggling to find any qualities in myself despite what people say.
also might be autistic and i can’t deal with emotions whatsoeverwhy am i so different
to anyone who had parents who never let them use their money on unimportant things do you struggle with getting yourself a gift because you hear your parents lecturing you about how you could've used that money on something important even when it's a gift card?
i have an amazon gift card, it's only 25.00. i should use it for something i would like but i'm having such a hard time because every thing i look at i'm being reminded of all the time i was excited to buy something fun and got immidiatly told to either use it all on clothes or to give it to her for gas.
it doesn't happen all the time but right now it's bugging me how i'm kind of afraid to spend 25 dollars and i can't even think of anything i need right now
hi all!
thank you for taking your time to read this post and thank you to those who have participated already but i need another 1,000 participants!
i am completing a study for my dissertation and on behalf of the research team, i would like to invite you to take part.
the study is a 2-time point study to investigate sleep quality, mental health and wellbeing.
if you choose to participate in time point 1 you do not need to participate in time point 2.
[if you require any more information please email me at [1511019@chester.ac.uk](mailto:1511019@chester.ac.uk)thank you so much!
for me, reducing stress, anxiety, and depression during this holiday season is about eliminating negative/toxic influences and replacing them with positive and healthy ones.
it also helps by staying present within awareness and being grateful for all that i have... without comparing what i had or what i did to celebrate the holidays last year - this is vital to ensuring my peace and joy through the season and beyond.
for instance, i can't travel to be with my family this year so i will do a zoom call... which is lame and depressing in comparison.
so to help make it interesting i'll make the zoom call more fun by playing games with my fam, (jackbox, quiplash, etc.)
and putting the screen on my family room tv so i feel like they're with me instead of on my cell phone screen.
it's not about which is better, being with them in person or on a webinar, but making the most of my circumstance and adapting... finding the light so to speak and residing within the positivity of that adaptation... and going one step further and being grateful for it!
many people will not even have the opportunity to have a zoom call with their family, i will.
this is a blessing.
anywho, i just released a new video on yt sharing ten tips to help us all make the most of this holiday season.
these tips will also help us just feel better by eliminating some stress and anxiety and help decrease the loneliness and  depression.
i'm wishing you all a very peaceful and joyous holiday season!
dm me if you'd like the video link too;)
the bad dreams and restless nights are returning.
like many others in here, i work in a stressful position.
i help clients with our accounting software.
it's been very busy with the holidays and everyone trying to get ready for end of the year stuff.
i have to meet tight deadlines and assist people that don't know what they're doing.
as mentioned, it's been very busy.
i was able to keep up but now i'm falling behind.
im not the only one.
when i do call our customers they are usually shitty because of our slow customer service.
i had a guy that i was trying to help.
he gave me the wrong information, it turned a 15 minute phone call into something that spanned over 3 days.
my boss told me to say something when i get behind.
but that usually happens very fast.
the boss checks in on me when i'm having a shit day.
with the check ins, i get criticized for being behind and not saying anything.
this time around, i was doing alright but had about four days where i had cases that needed to be resolved right away.
our company gives us a half day off on fridays to help with covid stress.
i just had one.
those days, i have half a day to get done with a full day work load.
this job had made me want to walk out.
i was urged by my partner to stay.
this lead to multiple anxiety attacks.
i admitted defeat and was going to quit again.
i was encouraged to get on medication, which has helped with the anxiety and some other issues.
however, it's getting to the point again where i'm stressing out.
my partner has only suggested to get on a higher dose of medication.
im not sure how much stress can be medicated away.
i'm getting to my wits end.
finally i have some vacation days coming.
i'm going to use those to look for another job.
hopefully i can find something.
if you are fighting with a stres here is a solution:restylene is an effective way to fight stress.
regular consumption of the product helps to increase stress resistance, reduce the symptoms of stress, fatigue and weakness.
the product is based only on natural ingredients that act directly on the source of the problem.
restilen is intended for men and women who have ever experienced stress, anxiety or nervousness and want to relieve symptoms.
the effects of the product are visible from the first day of use.
if you are interesed, here is a link: [[
[this melody can help you practise daily mindfulness and self-disciplined.
as a mindfulness tool, people will be encouraged to look within themselves and focus on the present moment.
help acknowledge, recognise, and evaluate any thoughts you have.
with music, you can recognise your frustration and stress towards the situation, approach them more calmly, and convert your emotions into healthy and productive thoughts.
hi all.
thought you might be interested in a simple way to help reduce your stress, using (easy) gratitude.
i'm thrilled to have interviewed an expert on gratitude, prof.
paul mills, for this article in psychology today magazine.
hope the video and blog helps.
the festive season can be a stressful time any year but in particular this year is becoming stranger and stranger as the months go by and we get closer to christmas/new year.
does anyone have any tips for managing stress/anxiety during this time of year.
especially now that ireland will be entering strict restrictions again on the 24th december until at least 12th january.
this year has been bad.
like bad.
both mothers very sick (dementia and cancer).
health problems for me.
broke up with boyfriend.
lost job.
had to move home.
care taker.
just bad.
anyway, i think the stress is finally affecting my body.
i’m constantly in some kind of pain.
major back pain.
stomach pain.
stiff hands.
i know something has to change but how.
what?
my parents aren’t getting better.
covid isn’t gone.
i’m still unemployed and single and friendless in my childhood town.
but i know i have to do something.
i don’t wanna get sick myself.
do i force myself to get up an hour earlier, even tho i’m exhausted, and workout and meditate?
is that really the answer?
i plan on a 2-3 day alone staycation after christmas.
how can i reset?
juice cleanse?
halp.
as the title says i need help with tongue biting.
it’s not only that i also grind my teeth at night.
i’ve always have bitten my tongue but the last couple of days have been unbearable.
it’s like i’m more conscious of my tongue and i bite or i try not to bite it and end up making things worse.
do you guys have any tips with how to stop myself from biting my tongue?
i would really appreciate it.
my life is falling apart.
i got laid off last month ago, my father is going to be unemployed in the coming 2 weeks.
my parents are abusive as hell and make life unbearable.
my younger siblings have eating disorders and one of them might off herself or die from the damage her body has sustained.
i am not able to save anyone or myself.
it is like everything that can go wrong is happening.
this has been going on for many years now.
we don't do what she says (usually has to do something about chores), she gets mad and then goes on talking about how we are just waiting for her to die.
how we will not be happy until she is dead that we don't care about her.
she even has went as far as yelling that she's gonna do what we've always wanted her to do and go kill herself just to drive off for an hour and come back home.
shes only 49 and this has been going on since i was young.
why would a mother think that her kids want her dead?
i've been having gastrointestinal issues for a few months now.
at the beginning, i was really anxious but that has calmed down now, although i still worry about my health but not as much as i used to.
however, the past few weeks, i've been having these random aches and pain.
my right cheek hurts sometimes (on and off), i get these weird aches in my upper jaw and pressure like feeling in my ears, temples and crown region of my head.
basically, it's just on and off facial pain and headaches.
it's not too bad, just makes me uncomfortable at times.
can these be physical symptoms of stress?
are there any ways to manage this at home?
thanks a lot!
jesus please take the wheel.
i’m apt to do overeat
 # [top 40+ happiness quotes positive good vibes that will inspire you](
my master's in psychology course began two months ago and it's been completely online (something i'm not used to, i've always had school in person).
i have 9 assignments due before the 9th of january and i feel very overwhelmed.
i'm getting stressed and i feel like i want to cry all the time.
i'm really trying to take care of myself but it's not happening and i'm either stressing or working on my assignments.
if you like this post message me to join the private mastermind group also follow me on [r/crimsonpill](introi used to be a huge fan of roosh, i saw him as my older brother.
many of you guys might think.
wait man, isn't roosh a hateful guy?
it seems that he is now.
however, back in the day he would give a lot of advice that appeal to young man like myself.
for instance, he talked about vacations.
roosh thought vacations were a scam and that only men should try to live a "location independent lifestyle" than paying for an expensive two week vacation.
i resonated strongly with his message since most of the advice out there was for women or families.
hence i felt roosh was finally talking directly to someone like myself.
top 5 reasons1-roosh became virulently misogynisticwhile i mostly ignore most of roosh and his entourage and focused on the positive message towards men.
i noticed that he discard his previous message and center in the "cultural degeneracy" narrative.
which involve getting into fights with feminist and with different social justice advocates.
to me this was wasteful and served no purpose but to set back the movement.
i felt that the whole purpose of the movement was for men to find freedom in the modern world, not to get in trouble.
however, under roosh's guidance many men were becoming targets of mobs and jeopardizing their well being.
2-roosh became political, he started aligning civic nationalists and latter alt-right figuresthis was the stage where i became less interested in the content roosh was delivering.
most of the content was about "battling" against feminism than about helping men.
moreover, roosh had a adopted a radical version of traditionalism where he wanted women to be certain way.
he was willing to align with many questionable figures of the alt-lite and the alt-right to fulfill that vision.
3-roosh seemed to be more into clout chasing than giving advicei disagree and condemn many of the articles that roosh wrote later in his career.
i felt that once he started to write, he would say shocking and appaling statements to get media attention.
moreover, many time the roosh v forum turned into a battle against feminist and social justice warriors.
the forum become one of political activism as opposed to personal development for men.
4-roosh hang out with a suspect entouragemany of the guys in return of kings(except kyle, who i personally met) expoused very radical beliefs.
they would say very shocking and misogynists statements or articles with the hope of getting a reaction from left wing journalists, a practice they call "triggering".
many of those guys became pua coaches and podcasters on their own and it seems that the controversy has followed them.
many of them are in constant battles with "blackpillers."
5-i decided to step up!
'son, when you grow up will you be the savior of the broken, the beaten and the damned?
""you are the change!'
this jamaican cab driver told me when i started to tell him about roosh.
i was sharing with him many of these ideas.
on one hand, we have puas who scam young men and the other we have political activists like roosh and his followers who want to "radicalize' young men.
with the absence of religion people need a teacher who can help them navigate this difficult environment.
conclusioni don't think roosh is a bad man like the media portrays him.
he is a leader and has his set of fixed ideas.i value the apolitical and positive messages he was giving young men like finding your purpose in life and having the courage to go out into the world.
at that same time, though i felt he focused on the negative aspects of life as opposed to embracing life as it is.
i feel that once you embrace life you start finding the good and can truly flourish in any environment!
and honestly i don't understand why no one talks about this, i think that the evil agents of this world are trying to suppress this knowledge from the public.
the feel-good neurotransmitters dopamine, endorphins and serotonin—are all released when a smile flashes across your face.
we all know that right?
but you would be surprised after realizing that it's one of the many expressions of the "water type" prana.
this very specific "water type" prana is also the main force behind manipulating your auric field which you can notice that it's hidden under your goosebumps.
you might've heard of the many names of prana before (chi, life-force, prana, qi, piti, rapture, chills, spiritual chillls, goosebumps, ecstasy, euphoria, aura, mana, and many more).
if you are interested in this i made this short [tutorial youtube video]( explaining how you can flood yourself with positive hormones, by recognizing the force of this prana that is used when we smile.
like at least some of your here, i struggled with a lack of fulfillment and stress due to being a chronic overachiever.
it took some pretty extreme turning points for me to realize that so many of my ideas about success were not based on my values or priorities, but on expectations, ideas, and opinions that i had internalized and made my own.
it took me a while to start meditating on the right questions to realize a personal recipe of success that looks very different than the path i took before, but that has brought me way more joy and fulfillment.
i boiled my mistakes and learnings into the following, and welcome thoughts from others struggling with overachievement on this thread: [
sorry in advance for any mistakes, english is not my first language!
for as long as i can remember christmas has always been a time of very intense feelings for me.
i've always felt the christmas holidays to be an overwhelming and stressful period of time, basically the exact opposite of what holidays are supposed to be like.
my parents also reinforced this by making the christmas stuff last for days.
by this i do not only mean the actual celebration, but also the seemingly endless time you have to spend with the same people over and over again, including the same old political arguments and the forced gatherings of relatives you literally never (have to) see except for this time of the year.
even without all this family stress, christmas itself, the beginning of a new year and also my birthday (also happening at the beginning of january) are times, when i feel low no matter what happens.
i always feel like i haven't even nearly accomplished as much as i'd like in my life and i've never even once in my life felt as happy as you probably should feel for christmas or your birthday.
i feel like there's this mutual agreement all over the world, that this is the time of the year, the time of your life and simply the time, where you should feel best and some magic miracles happen and your life upgrades itself to next level.
(i know it's unrealistic and probably an unhealthy way of thinking, but it seems like subconsciously this thought is stuck with me.)
this whole thing stresses me out intensely every year, but this year it's especially bad or maybe it's been that bad the years before and i just pushed it out of my mind.
the point is, it's gotten to me physically and i've had a cold for basically a month now and the last few days, my back's been extremely stiff and sore, which is something that usually never happens.
i'm panicking intensely even thinking about going home to my parents' place for christmas next week and i don't know to get through these days/weeks, without feeling like i'll go insane any minute.
i hope this is the right sub for this problem and i appreciate you reading this far and if you have any tips for making christmas a bit easier even better :)
i found myself gaining 8 kg over 2 minds from stress eating...
i’m a postman and most people think of it as an easy going job.
it was once that way many years ago but it was privatised about 15 years ago (royal mail).
i know i’m not the only one struggling at the minute.
but i feel like i’m doing so shit compared to everyone else.
with absences cause of covid and everyone ordering for christmas it’s been a nightmare often working 50 hour weeks from a usual 28. it’s not even only that but i am pretty sensitive type and i feel like i’m fucking up more than anybody else.
when i feel useless at something i just want to give up.
it’s only my girlfriend pushing me through at the moment.
i know it’s childish to just want to quit when things go wrong but i feel on edge atm.
i’m going to end up letting down a lot of customers who are waiting for their parcels because i’m not quick compared to the others
this year has been hell for me.
first we were in a bad place to live so needed to find a place to live.
thankfully we found one.
but covid hit.
so we had to move with no help with two young kids.
i packed all of our lives in a matter of days (there is 4 of us!).
cleaned the old place and unpacked at our new place.
due to roommate working to much.
march hit and they shut schools down.
i was to care for 2 children by myself while my mental health took a toll.
my roommate started working from home, but keeping two kids entertained so their dad can work is hard.
not being able to see my family or friends for months and hardly leaving my house.
was tough.
july hit, i hurt my ankle.
and the doctor is postponing surgery he says i need so much.
i can hardly walk.
the only person i had was my roommate who was also my best friend.
but he wasn’t really there for me.
but i eventually started growing feelings after awhile.
then past week he told me he is talking to another girl.
leaving me hurt.
i even told him how i felt.
but nothing in return.
but he’s worth waiting for so i want to wait, so that adds more stress.
on top of all that, my dad who is in remission from cancer isn’t doing well.
my health hasn’t been the best either.
i have epilepsy and suffer from migraines.
more episodes, etc.
now i have a heart condition that is scary.
and the past 15 minutes i’ve gotten two calls.
one from my neurologist saying that since i’ve been having more episodes, may lose my already restricted license.
the other from my cardiologist saying the heart condition is worse.
i really hope to god 2021 will be better
just looking for a place to let off.
my stress levels is over flowing.
the last two months has more stress than in the last few years.
my mother died last month.
my aunt dies two weeks ago.
i work on a construction site as the only safety guy for 170+ workers.
this covid shit has caused me to not see my mother or aunt.
my father sits alone in his house in a different city.
i am constantly dealing with positive cases of covid putting myself and my family at risk.
my wife has copd and am pretty sure if she gets it it wont turn out well.
monday a small breakout of covid happen and today a much larger outbreak happens.
i have had to shut my door and lock it to stop all of the complaints.
i am sure we are doing everything we can to help prevent the spread but it is starting to get to me.
i don't want to be here but i have to be.
i am so tired of all the anti mask issues from people.
i just want it all to go away but it will not.
christmas is not looking very well
if you like this post follow [r/crimsonpill]( and message me to join the private mastermind group.

i've been up since 2:30 stressed with work.
i've been dealing with stress for a while now and it can be traced back to a few mistakes i made a while ago.
dealing with these mistakes and facing up to them hasn't been the bandaid ripe off i expected.
i don't know what to do with the continued stress.
[this melody can help you practise daily mindfulness and self-disciplined.
as a mindfulness tool, people will be encouraged to look within themselves and focus on the present moment.
help acknowledge, recognise, and evaluate any thoughts you have.
with music, you can recognise your frustration and stress towards the situation, approach them more calmly, and convert your emotions into healthy and productive thoughts.
i have been suffering from the flu-like symptoms for half a decade now.
from throat tightening, nasal drips, muscle soreness, cold, and general depression and now that i’m stuck inside the house with my family.
i can’t help but feel helpless.
my dad blows a fuse for the smallest things, completely negative &amp; judgmental over everyone.
that’s why we don’t have family or visitors come over the house.
no one likes him for his personality.
ge’s just far better off that’s why people kiss his ass.
what i hate the most is that they don’t have a sense of boundaries.
not being able to have “control” and say about my personal items when he gets unreasonable really upsets me.
for example he fucking threw my plants away because he saw news about an increase of dengue cases.
can’t i have anything that’s mine?
he’s needy and requires special treatment from everyone.
it’s such a drain to be around his negativity and his overall personality.
he takes food from my plate even there is literally whole untouched piece right in front of him.
he took my food that i paid for without permission even though we’re not in speaking terms.
it’s not that i’m tight wad and selfish but the fact that he gets to take my stuff and do as he pleases is the problem.
what’s worse is that this learned behavior is exactly what my asshole of  a brother does as well.
i get anxious just being near or around him.
yesterday i hit my head bad and it started to bleed as i hurried and went into a frantic pace trying to leave the kitchen as soon as he opened his mouth and started talking to me about how to live my fucking life.
we’re not even in speaking terms.
my mom even left the country to get away from this asshole.
they’re not divorced or anything but she’s “making a sacrifice for us to get japanese citizenship”  &amp; started investing there.
no wonder my mom had the foresight to offer me to leave the country and this horrible family.
just thinking of all the effects the coronavirus pandemic has had on our lives is exhausting, as is the daily drone of trying to keep going even as it feels as if the world is crumbling.
it’s okay not to be okay right now and to just do your best to get through this truly unprecedented time.
here's my latest article of what 2020 was supposed to be like in my life, and how it is ending up becoming something else: [
i got one due to the breakup of a narcissistic relationship, it healed over a couple of weeks and then came back!
dae have this issue when confronting extreme emotional strain and ptsd flashbacks?
thank you for your insights!
i call it centering because we take a mental and sensory inventory of our current environment and centering ourselves within that precise moment.
step 1 - safety: get yourself to a safe place of comfort and security.
step 2 - breathwork: begin focusing on breath, walking yourself through a breathing exercise while counting, (5 seconds inhale, hold 5 seconds, exhale 5, hold 5 - then repeat).
try and breathe with your diaphragm and take an account of the movement of air going in and out of your lungs and watching your belly ebb.
step 3 - sensory inventory: while doing this, try and perceive your immediate surroundings in as much detail as possible.
think of it this way, you will have five/ten minutes to try and remember as much detail as you can of your current place, (car, bedroom, bathroom, office, outside (which is the best))\-try to visually see everything as much as possible, what are the tones of the colors, the depth of detail in a texture, the shape of everything, the devil in the detail if you will.
\-sense or physically feel everything too, the breath fluting in and out of your nostrils, is it warm or cold, is there a breeze, or some sun warming your shoulders, or an energy in the room?
\-any smells or aromas, the sea, a forest, a lingering candle scent, food, a pet, dirty clothing - it doesn't matter what it is, good or bad, you're merely taking an account of it like doing inventory.
you don't care what you're counting, you're just counting.
\-hearing, this is my personal favorite.
find and listen to, attend everything.
bird song, critters outside, the washer/dryer, people's chatter in the distant or muffled convo beyond a wall, a pet breathing, the wind rustling the leaves of a tree, traffic.
like sonar, take your attention to each sound as it resonates with you.
\-taste won't usually be too helpful here so concentrate on the other senses.
step 4 - mantra: mentally or out loud repeat a mantra or prayer which resonates with you.
repeat this as you continue with the previous steps, replacing the counting with a mantra.
i like;"i am safe, secure, and loved."
or "my breath is steady, my mind is clear and settled, my body is calm, my heart is pure, i am tranquil, safe, and loved."
step 5 - memory recall or visualization: recall a special memory of yours, one in which you felt safe, loved and had fun or it.
try recalling all the exacting detail as well as you're able; where you were, who if anyone you were with, how you felt (this is vital), the scenery or environment, etc.
some of us cannot do this however because the anxiety is too much, so i lean on a visualization technique instead.
i recommend speaking out loud here as it will help your mind step away from the dreadful thoughts as it's tasked with speaking out loud.
paint the most perfect place to be, beachside villa or stroll or a forest sanctuary is great too.
walk yourself through the experience; the palms or pines and how they sway, barefoot walking on warm sand or cool earth, the forest canopy and the sun breaking through it and warming you, or big puffy white clouds sailing over the ocean, the sound of a stream or the ocean tide, the smell of sea water of the fresh air of the forest, etc.
paint out this place but as you do sprinkle statements such as, "i feel so safe and loved here," or "this place is my sanctuary, i feel free and my mind and body is serene," or "i am loved, and i am love."
hope this helps, i suffered from extreme depression, anxiety, and the most torturous state of grief after the passing of my wife in 2014 but through a choice to live in a different way and do whatever was necessary to end my suffering.
i was able to rise above it and now live a life of abundance, peace, manifestation, and love again.
i teach this now to others and have dozens of videos explaining all the steps and i have some fun too trying to make people laugh.
i have a couple videos based solely on stress and anxiety which detail out what i've shared above in greater depth with a much better explanation and visuals.
dm me if you'd like the link or check out my page and go from there.
there is hope for you and your struggle... there is a place, a version of you which is out there waiting for you two to merge.
this future version is a person who smiles in public and it's authentic.
this person laughs too, and doesn't have angst while going out in public, or speaking to another, or dread anything whatsoever.
this person is confident, and secure with themselves, even proud and in love.
this person helps others navigate their anxiety too!
please lmk if you have any questions and my heart goes out to you all.
joe hehn
this year i stubbed my toe more times than i have across the rest of my life.
and i did it again.
and we don't have ibuprophen.
help
my serotonin level just drops by the evening and i start having sudden panic attacks while getting my work done.
i'm perfectly fine in the mornings, it's just super weird.
i would love a good spotify playlist recommendation for some calming music.
tia.
i’m a high school senior, but lately i’m just sick of doing school work because i keep receiving assignment, after assignment, after assignment, after assignment.
i have a chem test tomorrow that i didn’t study properly for so that’s gonna be great.
but at the same time i’ve been working non stop the past few months and i just wanted one break :(
i think alot and i'm so indecisive
and honestly i don't understand why no one talks about this, i think that the evil agents of this world are trying to suppress this knowledge from the public.
years ago, i was visited by a negative entity but since i was knowledgeable on my spiritual energy i succeeded in protecting myself from it and drive it away.
you might've heard of chi, life-force, prana, qi, ki, pitī, rapture, chills, spiritual chillls, goosebumps, ecstasy, euphoria, aura, mana, ruah, nephesch and many more.
not only is this energy the very essence of the positive emotions in our physical body it's in every thing in nature.
after understanding this energy that is most easier felt with goosebumps, i can will myself to protect my whole being from negative spirits, and even energy within me thanks to recognizing that feeling bad can easily be chased out by this energy.
i finally found balance and the ability to deflect any type of negativity that may come from the outside world.
if you are interested in taking control of your energy and feel euphoria on-demand i made this short [tutorial youtube video](  explaining how you can also activate your spirits power.
when i get really stressed, i get sores (bumps that hurt) on the back of my head just above my hairline.
does this happen to anyone else?
is there a name for this?
hey everyone i am just curious can you be stressed or anxious without even knowing it.
for example for the last 3 weeks i had this tingling feeling around my chin and bottom lip.
so i did the number 1 no no and googled it, well according to google i might have advance cancer and dying in less then a year.
that caused me to stress out and think what if i am not around for my kids to see my kids grow up.
so i called the doctor and i have an appointment with him on tuesday but he sent me to get a blood test in advance which all came up perfect except for cholesterol levels.
so after the blood test results i think my anxiety lowered but every often i still feel the chin tingling.
so back to the question can you be stress or anxious on something without realizing.
thanks for the advicejust an update my doctor doesn’t think my chin is anything even though i still feel the tingling feeling even now.
he said give it another month and then we will go for an mri.
is it possible that stress of me worrying has been causing this symptom and if so it cannot be healthy having stress symptoms for like a monththanks for the advice
i'm 18 and i got my first job at this place where we make desserts and when some of them get destroyed or are just not good enough to sell we either throw them away or ask to take them home.
so after 4 times i stopped asking to take the damaged ones home because i thought that it was obvious that we would take them instead of throwing them away.
my boss caught me today taking two boxes of desserts and told me that what i did was really wrong and that i should ask first and that this should be a reason to fire me(he didn't)(he was calm but also irritated while talking) .
to which i agreed and even apologized and told him that it would never happen again and that ill always ask him first.
now i just feel super embarrassed, stupid, anxious and ashamed of myself because i don't want them to think that i steal things from work to bring them home.
i don't know how to go to work on monday and even stare at him (or his wife since ebtey run the business together).
can sb please help me?
hi guys i'm an experienced person when it comes to anxiety and stress coz i've experienced all the major symptoms you're dealing with in this community, adding to that i've been searching and learning effective ways to deal with all of that, what i come to realize based on my journey dealing with anxiety and stress is the opportunity i got to understand myself on a deeper level because when a person start experiencing anxiety and stress that is a message he or she receives from the unconscious says there's is a conflict basically an emotional one that might we had when we were kids and we built all our sense of reality based on that trauma, so what i meant if you guys wanna cure this condition you have to look within yourselves and experience the shame, guilt, anger, frustration, hate .. that you felt a long time ago it's basically the scariest thing you'll do in your life as carl jung said the external world is the reflection of our internal world, a lot of guys i see here they're worrying about how a woman will see them or other people may not accept them .. you don't have to focus on that idea instead you should revive the emotional charge that keeping those ideas active in your analytical mind and get in touch within your bodies and solving the energetic blocks that is happening inside your bodies .. as one of my greatest mentors used to say " nothing changes until energy moves " you see the body should recover itself by itself what's keeping you experiencing those physical symptoms is your resistance to an idea or emotions usually an unconscious one ..  i hope you get some value from this post .. chat me if you go deep on this topic .. peace ✨
my brother is 17 and when he gets too stressed his legs can go out.
but over time he has learned to use that against us.
he will play on his ps4 all day long and then tell us that he can't do anything because his legs are out.
he has caused my mom to owe the electric company 1000 dollars because she can't keep up with every month having to pay 200-300 dollars!
we told him to stop playing so much but as soon as we go to sleep he's playing from 11pm-3 am even if he already played for 8 hours that day.
we take the game away and he starts yelling at us about how good we are to take the only thing that can calm him down.
we have tried to tell him to get out but he says he has nothing to do.
we give him options and he doesn't want to do it.
we tell him about all the times he stayed on for hours with a fan/heater and laptop all on and he starts arguing about the few days he actually didn't play at all!
what is the best way to get it into his head that just because hes mad or can't move his legs that doesn't mean it's ok for him to waste so much electricity?
 # top 6 amazing tips mentally healthy and happy    hi, i'm jon, i'm 37 and for most of my adult life, i've struggled with mental illness the medication i take helps most of the time.
but sometimes when i'm stressed or overworked, my symptoms creep up on me and i have to work really hard to get them under control again.
but over the years, i've learned a few strategies that have helped me deal with my symptoms before they become a big problem.
those tips are really working for everyone and this 2020 every 5 people under 1 people have a mental problem so my friends you can defiantly try these amazing tips ## these tips have really helped me stay healthy and positive.
tldr: cbd eased my exam stress i'm a huge exam stresser, i get major anxiety and i feel like shit the weeks leading up to exams and finals.
last year i was taking some cbd oil for pain management, and noticed i was way less stressed about my tests than usual.
i guessed that i had just gotten over a lot of the reasons i would usually get anxious about but now this year i'm not on cbd anymore and my stress levels are back up to my pre-cbd times.
i found [this]( article so now i believe that cbd was actually why i felt better, now i'm ready to get back taking cbd to hopefully alleviate some of the exam stress that i'm feeling... hopefully some people here can benefit from having a read of the article i linked :)
if you're suffering from anxiety and stress please know there's hope, there's help.
there is a way to work at chipping away at your suffering little by little through certain habits and techniques.
through my own inner work i've discovered my purpose, to help others evolve beyond their suffering too.
i've been making yt videos and just released a really good one for suffering through extreme anxiety or a severe stress induced episode.
i'm not fond of self promotion but i'm okay with promoting advice when it comes to this kind of stuff... so please lmk if you'd like the link of the video (i can dm but i posted it on my page too) or check out my bio for my full yt page.
this new video has 5 steps for settling yourself and securing a more stable, peaceful, and secure state of being from the comfort of your car, house, or even work.
i'm here to help so please lmk if you have any questions!
my heart goes out to you all.
if you like this post follow [r/crimsonpill](i wanted to share this post since hopefully you guys can find keep being motivating despite any setbacks.
honestly, its not work it getting worked up over people hating or disliking you.
i have 2 days to study for 6 exams like how am i supposed to do that, i fucking hate being one week at school and the other week in online courses i can't have free time and i can't focus on anything because of stress of failing
hi everyone.
i’ve realised recently that i can’t remember the last time i was truly relaxed for a constant period of time since i was 17 (i’m 23 now), apart from my first year at university.
it feels strange to realise this...i remember the feeling of being relaxed after a nice calming bath or having a scented candle burning, but i really don’t recall a time that i wasn’t worried or tense about something?!
like there’s always something at the back of my mind or an issue i’m really worried about, i’m never truly content with my life!
in the past year i’ve developed a few health issues, all of which have been traced back to being too stressed.
more recently it’s neck and shoulder tension and jaw pain.
i guess i’ve reached a point where i think ‘enough is enough’ and need to work to change this aspect of who i am, which has been ‘normal’ for 5/6 years.
i find it hard to discipline myself with things like yoga, meditation and other mindfulness activities, because of the tension, but also the fear that it may not work.
but if i never commit to it, it won’t have an effect.
my gp told me to do a little bit each day so i get used to the practice of it.
i’d love to know if anyone had been in this situation or can relate.
have you got any tips on how to move forward?
i want to be less tense and learn how to manage stress better.
thank you!
does anyone experience somewhat transient head pressure as a result of high periods of stress?
i've been experiencing waves of stress related to school work over the past week.
i'd say much more so than normal given the times and my courses being online.
i read somewhere that candles and soothing music generally seem to help with stress.
usually my study sessions have been filled with feelings of dread, but right now i feel at peace.
i recommend lighting a candle near you and listening to calming music.
10/10 would do again.
1. how do you deal with this?
could lead to weight gain but it does relieve stress 2. what have you found are some good alternatives?
restilen is designed for men and women who has ever felt stress, anxiety or nervousness and wants to relieve the stress.
the product’s effects can be seen from the first day of use.
if you find yourself going through hell, then keep going at full speed no u turns.
ah!!!!
i’m almost done with this semester.
i got all a’s except for one class that i’m hoping will bump up to a b since it’s so close.
i managed this semester pretty well, however my teaching class is the one i’m worried about.
there’s still so much to do and the last day to turn in material is monday.
(12 assignments plus the final exam) just wanted to do a mini rant.
wish me luck 😭
i’m so stressed over college that my heart hurts and it’s getting harder to breathe normally.
i’m scared i’m gonna have an anxiety attack and i need to get this assignment done but something very sad happened recently to me and it really lowered my mental health therefore i’ve had zero motivation.
i’m doing my best but it’s so hard...
[in our bustling lives, it is easy to slip into our external commitments and neglect our mental well-being.
health is wealth, and mental health forms an important part of that.
music makes it easier for every busy individual to find time for solace and self-care.
on the commute to and back home from work or school, wear your earpiece, close your eyes, listen to this melody and find peace of mind.
it can be a stress-reliever source of music you can look forward to listening every day.
if you want to unwind listen to this new channel, music is so relaxing, ambiance is so smooth  [
i’ve gotten to the point in school where i am not listening in any of my classes and my grades are dropping rapidly and i just looked at my grades and i can’t sleep.
any help?
sometimes i feel like crying in social situations, because of stress.
like feeling stupid for not finishing something, or saying or doing something wrong.
why can't i just express my feelings?
why do i need to be judged?
right now i don't what's called stress or panic but i'm worried about my future along with where and what i want to do about college and the fact that i haven't taken my sats yet and i'm still studying for my permit and the fact that i'm in junior year doing all that along with the fact that my classes give me a shit load of hw.
all i do is hw everyday and have straight a's and maintain a 4.3 gpa but i feel like that's not enough.
i feel like shit and i feel like a failure that it's making me sweat and like i can't breathe when i think about this stuff.
how do i cope and take it one step at a time?
imnotevenstressedanymore
i've been with my company since i started working at 18. its all i know and recently its becoming more and more apparent that i cannot handle either the level of work i'm putting on myself or the level of work that is imposed on me.
i don't know anything else other than what i've been doing here and i don't know where to start should i leave.
sometimes i think that it's all in my head and i can push harder to improve.
it feels like i'm against a wall that i can only just put my finger tips on top of.
i wish i could stop it all and breath, but i can't.
the situation i have prevents me from not doing anything.
i need to be working to live the way i am.
i'm scared and i'm not, i'm worried and im not.
i live in some kind of emotional purgatory where i can't feel more than a hint of happiness or sadness some days and others i feel normal.
i want to live in a better state than i'm currently living.
i'm not happy but i don't let myself feel sad.
i am seriously hyperventilating.
i thought everything was fine.
moved to college for a nursing degree this year, got a job, hit a truck, financed a new car, phone broke, had to finance a new phone, work sidetracked me from my studies and started getting hit on by a creepy older man who was a regular, coworker downplayed it and i couldn’t take it anymore so i quit, found a job at walmart, quit that too because who the hell stands outside in the rain for 50 cents above minimum wage.
sister told me to work at this warehouse with her, pays really good money and you can literally pick when you work through an app, didn’t bother to tell me it was through a temp agency and said warehouse can cancel your shifts whenever which they have three times and i can’t even get my foot in the door, my grades were shit this semester and i have to get them up next semester or else i’m kicked out of the nursing program.
applied to a job at the hospital today.
i have bills that need paid.
i am so stressed out and i can’t help but cry and get tension headaches from all this stress.
i'm someone who stresses about everything, controllable or not controllable.
i can get lost in my thoughts about things so far in the future that i shouldn't be worrying about.
my face has broken out some and i think it's directly related.
does anyone have good verbal antidotes to tell myself to stop stressing?
or any other good remedies?
i've not had access to a dentist for awhile and went to a clinic for a prescription for a swelling abscess.
while i was there i started getting shaky, anxious, etc, and after saying i hadn't eaten for 4-5 hours the doctor immediately says, "let's check your blood sugar."
they took an a1c test, and let me tell you i was expecting it to be horrible.
when i'm at work i have to eat on every break.
i'm over 200 pounds.
my sugar tends to crash easily when i eat sweets by themselves.
a1c comes back.
verbatim, the doctor says, "you do not have diabetes."
it was 5. normal, she said.
then i, utterly stupefied, am like, "how?"
how the bloody hell do i get this lucky?
i'm not upset, just baffled that i don't, when i've been having what i thought was all the symptoms.
i mention i'm anxious and stressed most of the time.
even relaxing, i'm stressed in some small way or the other.
then she tells me that that can be a major contributing factor to blood sugar levels.
i've had a lot of phsyical symptoms over the last year or so.
and every time i google them, stress is almost always listed as either causing or exacerbating them.
this was just my body going, "did i f@@king stutter?!"
at me.
i can laugh at that, at least.
fear is the expectation of displeasure in the widest sense!
in the narrowest sense , fear is aversion of death.
every fear is fear of death, fear is the expectation of unknown , we fear only what is new.
what has become familiar to us loses the capacity to produce fear.
death too is to us the absolutely new and unknown for one should be able to die but once to be sure there are neurotics who die every day or at least play at dying.
man endures everything, but not the unknown whose charactestic symbol is the dark faith fulfils a great mission by setting up a positive affirmation in place of the great question mark.
when a man fixed on any fearful idea life becomes hell, and it feels no one understands what this man is dealing with .. all of us have been in fearful situations but some people are daily living this hell, among the common fears people told me about : - fear of rejection is big, when someone feels that no matter how he or she tries will be rejected, so the person becomes his own rejecter and he always pull himself back .
- fear of abandonment :  a person with this fear he or she always pushing away people for his life because he has doubts about why people interested in him and he has shame persona based.
- fear of success : there's some people no matter what effort they take, they always fail because they fear being successful that means unconsciously to them success is bad and dangerous.
- fear of intimate relationships : a lot of people are dealing with sexual shame without being aware of that, intimacy means pain and danger.
- fear of oneself : that's when a person is escaping himself all the time relying on drugs or some form of escapism such like porn.
working all the time.
gambling... those are common fears that i find with my clients .. hope this post benefit you guys .. for any questions chat me .. peace ✨
stress is the underlying cause of many illnesses, bothmajor and minor.
physicians and mental health expertsagree that stress reduction techniques can preventmany illnesses and disorders, as well as increase and apatient ability to cure following the development ofa variety of health problems.
&amp;#x200b;the human stress response is triggered within thebrain, producing chemical and physical changestfunctioning.
&amp;#x200b;during times of intense stress the brain productionandnorepinephrine increases, causing the distribution oflarger amounts of these catecholamines throughout thebody.
&amp;#x200b;the increase in the presence of these chemicalsproduces physiological changes such as increased heartrate, and blood pressure, increased cell reproduction,and suppression of the immune system.
&amp;#x200b;over time, unmanaged stress can lead to thedevelopment of ulcers and other digestive problems,heart disease, even heart attacks, and strokes.
&amp;#x200b;the immune systems ability to fight off infectionand disease is inhibited, allowing for the onset ofvarious illnesses and viral infections.
additionally,the development of chronic conditions such as diabetesand asthma, have been linked to stress.
&amp;#x200b;stress is also related to many mental and emotionaldisorders, such as depression, anxiety, extremephobias, and panic attacks.
the "fight or flight"instinct triggered by the brain during times ofextreme stress is also related to the onset of thesechronic mental health conditions.
&amp;#x200b;learning to manage stress in healthy ways can helpreduce the chemical changes occurring within the brainand body, thereby improving both physical and mentalhealth.
# dual-channel tens ems unit 24 modes review 2020
whenever i am working on homework and it just isn't making sense or is to hard, i get really stressed and frustrated.
i am a stress crier so when this happens i just start sobbing or i get really angry (i have a collection of bad pencils that i snap in half).
it is really annoying because it basically incapacitates me for an hour and drains all motivation i had to continue working.
this seems really unhealthy and i would love any advice for coping mechanisms i can use to stop this from happening.
thanks
why do i keep thinking so negative about my self and it effects me mentally and physically like i be thinking my heart hurting and it’s starts to hurt or i feel something then i be getting waves of anxiety coming to me like to the point where i can’t even sleep because i be thinking i’m die in my sleep i don’t know i just tend to panic i keep thinking that i’m gonna die and it’s just too much stress and it’s affecting me so much also i tend to search up what’s wrong with me like symptoms and it just makes me wanna panic  even more because all i see is death death death !!!!
i don’t know what’s wrong with me i just wanna be normali’m just 18
i'm so lonely 🥺 and i need help..
1. i get very mad very easily.
2. i have trouble sleeping.
3. i overeat.
4. history of abuse.
5. i cry very easily.
6. i forget a lot of things i should be remembering.
7. anxiety8. my mind often races a lot.
9. i often feel overwhelmed with very simple things.
10. i wake up everyday extremely frustrated.
should i be worried about stress?
if so, how can i fix it?
i’m in my last year of high school in my country.
i have to do my music performance and do my composition tomorrow afternoon- i am not ready!
i feel like i’m gonna puke and cry at the same time and i just really don’t want to go to school tomorrow.
anyway, i’m just gonna have to deal with it.
[hi everyone, this survey is for my college exam and it would really help if you filled it in :d
i'm really behind at work causing me a lot of stress.
i'm a project manager and i haven't sent update to about 5 clients and i know they are behind and now i don't know what to do.
any tips/suggestions?
 why meditation is important in our life ?
we humans are always thinking one thing or another, even during meditation we are seeking peace and awareness.
we will find out how effective meditation can be to rid us of the constant chatter in our brain to help us lead more aware life.
in this video, thoughtctrl brings to you what meditation is and how meditation can actually bring your cortisol level down.
meditation helps in reducing your anxiety levels and can help you reduce your risk of heart diseases.
watch full video : [subscribe to thoughtctrl : [
i am stressed about a race i am in this weekend as i am in the top team for the first time.
is there any advice?
this year i’ve been feeling very down and im failing my classes and it’s stressing me out of control and i have a lot of missing assignments and i always say i will do them but i always overpromise myself
struggling with stress for 2 months now.
coaching sessions only focus on the thoughts and how to take control of my wandering mind and all the overwhelming thoughts that keep piling up.
but what i'm now facing is a whole different kind of monster... the physical reactions and symptoms now with dizziness, constant headache from tension in neck and shoulders and the dark and gloomy thoughts of all the possible complications and deceases that may follow a period of stress illness.
my mood is around 0 and all my thoughts are on the above.
when i force myself to do other stuff, like briefly play with my kids or focus on a cup of coffee, i feel a bit more relaxed.
but as soon as my mind is not actively focused on something else, i slip back into darkness.
basically i am just writing this, hoping that someone can reassure me, that others have felt the same and got better?
or maybe share some things that have helped others progress and move past it into brighter times?
hey r/stress !
i decided to take all the free time from lockdown and make some videos on stress reduction.
lmk if the info is useful 🙂 tips start @ 0:37[
hello everyone.
i'm sorry to bother you all but i'd like to ask for some help.
i have a research final project for my statistics class that i feel everyone could help me with and that is just answering a few questions about gaming.
the main question is do you play video games to destress and also some other ways you may destress.
i appreciate the help if possible and thank you ahead of time for taking some time to respond!
[research project ](
i'm at the point where i can't go to the doctor because i'm too stressed.
my heart hurts sometimes.
(blood cloth in heart pain)i feel an straph infection in my leg.
(around 20 cm in diameter right now.
it's painful to wear pants) i have problems breathing.
(perfect timing)migraines (those comes at night)dizziness, sweating, tunnel view (my fingers and toes gets numb.
my body goes into shok)i feel a varicose vein on my leg (visible i have something sticking out of my leg.
but the pain is very high) period blod rots inside me.
(i'm concerned about this)i feel like a hypocrite.
what can i do to stop my body from doing this?
2020 has been bad for all of us, but i do not want to go back from working remotely to back in that crappy office with that crappy commute.
my company says they have a plan for this or i've heard the you can work some days from home and in the office.....screw that!
my overall life quality has drastically improved from work from home and i don't think i can do it yall.
hi all, my mom has been working from home since the beginning of the pandemic.
on top of her incredibly stressful job, she is taking care of my grandma who has alzheimer’s, cooks homemade dinner every night, pays all of the bills, and more on top of running around to help others with the little time she has left.
she has had 0 time to herself, she feels terrible on the inside, she is stressed out beyond belief, and she cannot sleep which makes things worse.
any ideas for what i can do to alleviate some of her stress?
i want to give her something to look forward to, to help her sleep better and to get through the days.
any ideas?
she has been unable to workout because she had surgery recently and hasn’t been cleared to workout and we are in lockdown.
i am always outside my window and it makes me dissociate and avoid.
is destroying my life and i need to try and fix it, with scientifically tested means.
hi everyone,i have a very stressful job, and whenever stress hits i just stop all self-care.
i don’t know why, because just something so simple as taking my b12 pill (i am a vegan) or drinking water throughout the day, i just don’t do it, as if i was punishing myself.
is it just me?
i have been trying to keep work stress at bay, but i find it impossible, so i guess i’d better improve my way of coping with it.
thanks
if you like this post follow [r/crimsonpill]( and message me to join the private mastermind group.
just wanted to share that since i see many guys get distracted from their purpose by random factors or other people.
when you are focused on your path then you are always able to have a clear idea of where you are headed in life.
&amp;#x200b;
you can't feel anything no matter what you're facing.
you are always stuck in a certain type of emotion ( rage , hate , fear ... ) you experience several body illnesses and the doctors tell you nothing is wrong with you.
you're stuck in you head thinking all the time getting obsessed with the simplest things.
you're always assuming the worst things.
having insomnia or even if you sleep you have nightmares or the same bad dream.
your relationships follow a certain rythme always getting the same problem with people.
that means there's a fixation on bad traumatic experiences you had in your past .. your unsuccessful repressed emotions keep you stuck ..
you feel like you have to be nice all the time, you can't even express how you feel that makes you hate yourself because your self esteem is low.
people doesn't notice you because your hiding from tension.
there's a voice inside your head keep torturing you, no matter how you try to escape it, it doesn't go away.
women friend zone you no matter how you love them.
guess what a nice guy personality is a shame/ trauma based personality.
hello!
just kind of want to rant and hopefully  i'll feel better?
so, my so and i just moved recently into a new apartment so money isn't tight but we definitely should be watching it just so we can get our savings back up.
thus we agreed a low budget christmas for our family members.
well all ways going great with that idea until his mom said she wants a kitchen aid mixer for christmas and that we could just pitch in.
so she could get one which i was like okay i can give $25 dollars or so.
well my so brother and girlfriend have alot more money and they want to spilt it between the four of us.
which in reality isn't horrible but like this isn't my actual mother nor is she close enough to be considered my soon to be mil at all at this point (boyfriend and i aren't to that point yet and thats okay).
but i told them thats more than i spent on my own mother and its just not budget enough friendly for me.
but they went and got it anyways due to thanksgiving sales and said we dont have to pay them back right away.
but i even told my boyfriend that's alot and he agreed but he doesn't want to disappoint his brother (i think he feels inferior to him) and offered to cover my half of what i dont want to pay.
but the thing is i'm the one with more money and actual savings.
so he really shouldn't be doing that for me.
and there's so much more going on in my head but thats the biggest part of it as of right now.
i don't feel stress most of the time but my body has been piling it up.
it's reached to the point where i mainly zone out and ignore it.
but the moments where i'm in present moment it comes to hit me like a brick.
it's not really a healthy way of coping but i always feel like i have to suck it up and press on.
i've felt super burnt out from jobs past year and a half.
covid hasn't helped and partner didn't have an income anymore as he wasn't being called in.
i managed to find a job i wanted to be in for at least a year - full time.
transitioning to full time felt more taxing.
i'm still enjoying it but now i'm stuck just home and work.
when i come home i'm completely out of it.
3 weeks ago my partner broke up with me.
we lived together, now i have to find a new place as it's too expensive long term for me to keep up.
i have to organize handing in me notice+ movers+ cleaners and brace myself for packing.
everything is just building.
taking care of my cat is my top priority as it's another living being that relies on me.
i have my first ever appointment with a psychiatrist tomorrow over the phone.
needed one for awhile but kept putting it off as thought it was too expensive or i'll be fine once i sort myself out.
think it greatly contributed to a dying relationship and i feel guilty.
thanks for reading my little vent.
how do people manage stress?
i'm trying to walk around more often but weather doesn't hold up often.
trying out journaling but i figure it isn't going to last after a week or so.
most often the experiences leading to a shame-based personality stem from childhood trauma, such as –a parent or caregiver who constantly criticised youbeing neglected or abandoned, including emotional neglectbeing unduly or severely punishedan alcoholic or addict parentthe death of a sibling when youngan environment of religious fanaticismphysical abuse- harley therapy
when i’m stressed i notice my face looks so bad, mainly wrinkled and fatigued.
it also feels tense.
why is this?
always being hard on yourself?
7 ways to halt the habitlast reviewed by ￼sheri jacobson march 5, 2019 counselling, self esteem ￼photo by michael mcauliffeby andrea blundellhave a voice inside your head always telling you what you did wrong?
or does every joke you make have you as the punchline?
being hard on yourself isn’t funny, and learning to stop the habit can be life changing.
why are you so hard on yourself?
that negative voice in your head isn’t something you were born with.
i work at a cellular retail shop.
you would think it wouldn't be stressful, right?
well, it isn't normally...except for the fact i run the retail shop.
i run the retail shop, handle corporate customers (which is a full time job in itself), take calls for a call centre the owner has decided to run, train and supervise new employees (which takes the whole day) and do various other tasks and tons of follow up.
my things to do list is so full, i needed another page.
on top of all that, i'm not a morning person.
i work mornings.. fuck.. just fuck... i asked my boss for more hours after the store closed to finish my tasks, so she extended the hours at the store.
i still can't finish my tasks, cause it's a retail store and we still help customers face to face, and my new staff can't handle customers yet.
can't have them accidently signing up the wrong person for a contract, or doing whatever random things they accidentally do..i wear yoga pants to work, they're comfy.
my coworker walks in sweatpants, i told her you can't wear those.
my boss calls me, you can't wear yoga pants anymore... fuck... seriously she wore yoga pants when she was working all the time.
she doesn't anymore because she stays at home, and works at home.
so yeah...i think it's unfair.
she told me that i don't have that much to do, and she probably could have handled all of it no problem..i just have poor time management skills..i'm seriously doing my best, it's stressful when people are complaining it's been 2 weeks and they haven't got something.
i'm like...fuck it's a different department i have to rely on.
my records tell me i've been following up every other day...what the fuck am i supposed to do when the person i'm relying on is fucken useless.
it's really hard to keep a good attitude.
thanks for reading, i'm going to go cry and smoke now.
i struggle with depression and recently i've really struggled to do one thing at a time; i haven't been able to watch a film without colouring or playing a game on my phone, i've found it hard to stay engaged in online classes and because i can't do anything else, i start to feel down and really low by the end of class.
my housemate was just playing music but because i wasn't doing anything i started to feel really agitated and stressed.
i had to come out for a walk.
is this a normal thing that people experience when they're stressed?
it's just started happening more recently, so could it be a sign of something else?
how do i deal with it?
finals in 3 weeks and i get distracted way too easy to actually sit down and study and really focus
i was easily stressed and angry when i was a kid.
each time it happens my family give me little sentence like:  \- calm yourself.
\- why are you stressing over x?
i'm not stressed for x.
\- why are you angry ?
am i angry ?
no?
so you shouldn't be angry  \- you will have health issues if you continue to be stressed.
\- you will have issue in your work if you are angry.
\- ...  they never try to resolve the reason why i was stressed or angry.
(that's another issue) only to "fix" the stress in a condescending way.
and all their little phrases increased my stress and my anger exponentially.
today, i'm a 35 adult women.
 and fortunately, no one, including those who previously do, don't say this to me anymore .
some of them even admit to me they used those to increase my angry for fun at this time and that they are sorry for that.
(i knew that.
but it didn't help)  the issue is, today, each time i'm stressed, or angry , i still hear those advice in my head.
it's still stress me even more, angry-me even more, and can make me cry.
that happen, no matter what was the original stress was about.
i can cry because my bus is late, because it will trigger some memory like the time i was told i shouldn't be angry for missing a bus because it was my fault of missing the bus.
but i can support the pression of talking in front of 400 persons for 1 hour because it won't trigger any old memory.
it's also hard to explain to other why i am such a stress mess sometime, but able to support a lot other-time.
consequently some-people think i'm faking my stress.
&amp;#x200b;&amp;#x200b;any idea how to deal with stress, when the simple fact of stress dealing trigger some old trauma?
is headspace worth it?
i gotta do something.
my stomach is in bad shape.
how is one supposed to be less anxious stressed and sad when their family is all extremely sick?
 [in our bustling lives, it is easy to slip into our external commitments and neglect our mental well-being.
health is wealth, and mental health forms an important part of that.
music makes it easier for every busy individual to find time for solace and self-care.
on the commute to and back home from work or school, wear your earpiece, close your eyes, listen to this soothing melody and find peace of mind.
let it be a stress-reliever source of music you can look forward to listening every day.
hope you enjoy this beautiful melody\~
is headspace worth it?
i gotta do something.
my stomach is in bad shape.
how is one supposed to be less anxious stressed and sad when their family is all extremely sick?
finally got a job!!
full time too!!
only catch is i start uni full time in january or february.
have it on my resume that i’m enrolled.
they never asked about it in they interview, or when they offered the job.
i was so desperate for the job... hope they are ok with me asking to go onto part time or casual when i start uni.
feeling stressed and depressed 😔
very busy and stressful job leads to head pressure, anxiety, severe tension, then detachment...not good.
and i’m just working from home!
can’t figure out how to fix this.
the multitasking triggers the head pressure and then spirals from there.
it lasts even through the weekend and has long term effects.
meditation  helps but only very temporarily.
after a long vacation it’s better for a while then slip right back into it.
strange... it’s such a tense high blood pressure-like feeling as if what i’m working on has life or death consequences...when it’s just regular financial work.
tell myself to not care as much but i don’t even think it’s that... the work/laptop take me to that stressful place no matter what i’m working on.
i always had an over-reaction to stress, both general stress and surprise stuff.
surprise jump scare make me the sensaion of a stabing in my heart.
doctor say it's finebut recently it become out of control.
i play a videogame, and there is an enemy who spawn by surprise.
a very basic monster, like a rat it's strike a panick attack and a stabbing pain in the heart, i need half an hour to calm down.
any idea why i react so much?
how can i react less to surprise?
for me i tend to play basketball, but with the pandemic and all that competition is gone.
i have been looking for alternatives, but as much as this post is for my own curiosity maybe it will help someone in need of ideas.
i have this constant feeling of having too much stuff, and no matter how organized i am, and how much i try to declutter all of my stuff, i always feel like it's not enough, and i get so stressed about it.
it involves my clothes, my photos on my phone, my pinterest board and so on.
i am extremely organized already, and i have all of my stuff very organized and not messy and overflooding at all - but i always get this feeling of "mess".
its like when i look at all of my stuff, i just cant really comprehend whats there, and i get so stressed and anxious and feel like i need to declutter and organize it even more and i feel like i'm obsessed at this point.
its taking up a lot of my energy and i feel like my perfectionism just get out of hand.
is this a thing?
what causes it?
others who feel the same way?
i've worked at a tier 2 automotive manufacturing plant for almost 11 years.
over the years i've had more and more piled on my plate.
it got to where i'm having anxiety attacks regularly at work and at home.
after staying at a high level of stress for so long, i feel like i can't think straight anymore.
my memory is terrible now, i can't stay focused, i feel frozen in panic most of the time.
i literally feel mentally damaged.
i've felt like i have nothing left for my child or husband when i get home because i'm mentally drained.
last week i decided i can't live like this anymore and i resigned!
i'm tired of spending my life feeling dead inside!
i did agree to work from home part time for a few weeks to train a replacement.
i'm not sure what i'm going to do next but i feel like i'm heading in the right direction.
i’m a student.
25, been studying towards a goal since the day i left highschool.
but i’m not where i’m supposed to be.
i don’t want to make this longer than it needs to be so my basic question is, how does everyone deal with family expectations?
i keep getting asked the same questions “when do you finish uni?” “what are you going to do after?” “what does your degree allow you to do”i can’t go to a single family event without going through this exact line of questioning.
to the point where i don’t want to see them anymore.
my father whom i live with is the same.
i know the direction i’m interested in but i don’t yet know the path.
and i feel like people speak to me like i should.
like my life should be planned out already.
i got tired of it.
and so i lied, a dumb decision i know.
they think i’ve finished when i really haven’t, because i got tired of them wondering why, of feeling like a failure for now being where i should.
but now keeping up the lie has made things worse.
now i’m expected to be progressing and getting a new job etc when i’m still where i have been for the last 5 years.
it’s been 6 months and i’ve already been accused of having too much time on my hands despite studying full time and working 3 jobs.
because they don’t know.
how do you get yourself out of a hole that you dug yourself?
and how do you do it when you’re terrified of the consequences of telling the truth.
maybe i’m a coward but i feel lost.
the one person who knew me most and supported me most i lost halfway through this degree.
and ever since i feel like i haven’t been able to cope at all...
hii so i’m a senior in high school hopefully going to uni next year.
i’m so scared and stressed because honestly i don’t deal well with change.
ig it’s scary because it’s the next big step and where you’re actually starting your life if yk what i mean.
friends are gonna be off studying elsewhere in the world, etc, etc.
if u go to uni rn was it that big of a change or did everything feel normal?
earlier today i was exploring a abandoned house when cops came in they said (————) police department come out with your hands out ever since then i just can’t stop thinking about those words it’s been burned in i can’t sleep i can’t do anything without thinking about it
what do you do when you've complained to your friends and family so much about stress over the years that no one even takes you seriously anymore?
i'm in a bad place where i e got a lot of seriously important life events to get on with and no energy left to do them.
everyone i'm close to is breathing down my neck about getting stuff done when i can barely get out of bed.
if i try to explain what's wrong i'm greeted with rolled eyes or being told to grow up.
suicide has never been an option for me but now with the addition of some serious medical problems that i haven't even sorted out yet i'm in so much mental and physical pain 24/7 that i don't feel like i've got the energy to try anymore.
i really just want help but it's impossible to get professional help right now, and everyone i love is sick of hearing about my problems or doesn't have the slightest idea of how to help me.
i deleted this post a few times not sure if i should bother but i'm at the end of my rope here.
i can't seem to convey how in trouble i am to anyone close to me so i feel like there's no way to improve my situation.
on top of that i'm supposed to be moving 800 miles away by december 1st when i haven't even started packing yet and i'm totally broke.
i'm essentially completely screwed right now and i havent the slightest idea of how to fix this, like i said i can barely get out of bed.
i really don't want to die yet, there's stuff i'd like to accomplish first, but i've no idea where to go from here.
it seems like there is no support whatsoever or people think i'm too stubborn to get anywhere with me.
even doing drugs has no effect.
i spent a good decade doing drugs to help manage my stress but they have no effect anymore.
this is just my version of flailing around screaming i need help hoping someone can just throw me a raft or i'm just going to drown.
i'm out of money, out of time and out of options.
so what the hell does someone even do in this situation?
or arthritis?
gosh i hope not.
i’m 39. my hands are slightly swollen and stiff for about a week now.
this year has been very stressful - all parents major illness diagnosis, abortion, industry shut down for two years.
i could go on and on.
the stepmom cancer diagnosis happened the same time frame as my hand issues.
so...stress or worst?
aren’t i a little young for arthritis?
anything i can do?
ok so im in 7th grade and school is getting more and more stressful for me to the point that ive just started crying in my bed, i cant concentrate, i cant do well i just cannot do school, but here comes the problem my mom is very strict so if i dont get a good grade i have a very high chance to get beat and grounded which adds a ton more stress to the problem i really dont know what to do things have just been getting worse and worse ive had a lost of appetite , bad grade and some other problems.
i honestly dont know what to do so some advice could help.
the “eeyore syndrome” is named after the famously sad little donkey, eeyore, in the popular winnie-the-pooh children’s books.
eeyore walked around with his head hanging down, feeling depressed/sorry.
those suffering the eeyore syndrome expect the worst and find shifting their attitude difficult.
a lack of confidence fuels this pessimism.
check out my latest blog post on how to shift attitude and thought towards a more positive state: [
&amp;#x200b;music title: holy angel[instruments used: upright felt piano, calm cinematic textures, river ambiancein our bustling lives, it is easy to slip into our external commitments and neglect our mental well-being.
health is wealth, and mental health forms an important part of that.
soothing melody makes it easier for every busy individual to find time for solace and self-care.
on the commute to and back home from work or school, wear your earpiece, close your eyes, listen to this music and find peace of mind.
hope you will love the animations and melody\~\~
are you someone that gets stressed easily?
would you like to learn how to better manage your stress?
we are conducting a trial to test a text message intervention designed to help you manage your stress levels.
if you’re interested in participating in a remote trial, click the link below to see if you are a good fit for our study!
hi,i hope someone can provide me some support.
i am working on a c-level position in a company where we currently seem to have some different views on strategy.
this results in constant argues and pressure and makes my work hard.
well that is not the question but this is: how do you separate work issues from your own life?
like i get so annoyed and angry and somehow stressed about those work issues that i keep on thinking and worrying about them my whole spare time.
resulting in low energy as i don’t get to rest.
how do you let go and create space between work issues and our personal self?
so i get stressed quite easily and find it difficult to cope with pressure and difficult situations.
i also find that when such stressful situations happen i tend to blame myself for them and get really down and negative about myself.
i get quite worked up about it that sometimes end up having mental breakdowns and let it all out by having a good cry.
i don’t know what to do to be more resilient and deal with it better so it doesn’t affect me so much because it’s affecting my mental health and making me feel worse about myself.
if you like this post follow [r/crimsonpill]( and message me to join our private mastermind group.
i wish i had the confidence to take this big leap.
however, i was too shy to do it back in the day.
i cared too much about what my co-workers thought of me to take the necessary action.
confidence is huge and being able to pursue my passion is truly life-changing.
&amp;#x200b;
i feel like i have constant stress.
sometimes it goes over and then some hours later i get stressed again.
is there a way to get rid of it for good?
i think one of the best ways to deal with anything is to understand it better.
when my anxiety builds up with everything around me going wrong, i tend to put myself into this stress bubble.
my quick fix is to usually hop on youtube and look for videos of other people talking about their experiences similar to mine.
i also love videos like this one that teaches you about the topic in a fun way so it's serving a dual purpose:[if y'all know of other videos or places to go like this please let me know!
anybody else in tv starting to burn out with everything going on in the world???
i'm an operator so i see everything we broadcast which is either covid or the trump situation.
i'm not meaning to downplay the seriousness of either of those things, but rather i can't help but feel like i'm watching the collapse of so called civil society.
so earlier this year my mother and step-father broke up, im with my mother usually (and sometimes visit my actual dad) but whenever i think of my step-father i get rly stressed and begin to cry, even writing this im tearing up a bit and im shaky.
anyways, my mother and step father were together for like 4 years but they broke up and im looking for ways to distract myself from thinking of him (im 12 byw)edit: i finally saw my stepfather again yay?
it’s been three months since my school started and i swear to god i’m gonna die from all the stress.
in three months we did more then 10 chapters in each subjects and now we are going to have our exams in less then a month.
our teachers give no fuck about our mental health.
we learned more then 15 chapters in economics within these 3 months and all of those chapters are going to be in the exam.
and don’t get me started on maths and accounting.
i feel like crying.
backstory i’m a 20 yr old struggling working at kroger trying to get full time while my mom isn’t helping me by letting me drive so i have no way of going anywhere to better myself and i only pull in maybe 2 or on good weeks 300 a week.
after bills and food i’m out of money.
how tf am i supposed to make it if i’m just breaking even with no way to drive and get a different job.
i need help it’s really making me kinda a dick to my family due to depression stress and jealousy.
just give me advice to get through this please
i was just thinking about how schools blame stress on social media... is it tho?
i know no one will see this, but for the few who do what do you think?
do you receive stress from,[view poll](
i get anxious about things like people downvoting my posts or saying negative things to me.
there is a series that has it's own odd logic, like milk being used to have a character's tooth grow back (as i was reminded of nicely.)
i then mentioned how lately in this series, a character's skull has become cracked (it showed an x-ray type of shot of it and everything.)
and i asked if milk would be enough to heal this character's cracked skull this time.
and someone responded to me with "oh, so you're a shit poster then.
or just stupid."
i don't know if its because of my autism or because of me or what, but i sometimes get told negative things on the internet by others, and it really brings me down a lot..
i’ve got a virtual assessment centre this tuesday for a placement year i’m meant to be taking next year.
it’s quite a big deal for me and at a company i really like.
in this centre i have to do a group task, interview and a presentation and i am absolutely terrified.
i’m fairly awful at public speaking and it’s making me really stressed.
it’s kinda hard to describe just how unnecessarily stressed things like this make me but i’ll try my best.
even now at the thought of having to having to present or answer interview questions my heart will start beating really fast and my throat will start closing up like some sort of allergic reaction.
it makes it hard to even prepare my material because i can barely sit still cause of how anxious it gets me.
previously when i’ve delivered presentations i sometimes can barely speak and have to compose myself.
normally i feel light headed/sick just before and it really throws me off.
i don’t understand why i get so worked up about these kinda things cause i’m completely comfortable with new social situations, but as soon as i get into a professional or educational situation i freeze up.
this is realistically one of the biggest opportunities i’ve got in my life and i really need to do well so if anyone got any tips to calm down before/during the assessment i’d be really grateful.
im a first year student who is adjusting to independent living.
i find just walking to the shops and getting essentials soul draining when i see the amount adding up and i accidentally bought out of date broccoli.
i try to keep a balanced diet because i know i become sluggish if i don’t but cooking is so time consuming and shopping for meat, veg, headache tablets, toilet paper etc feels like putting a hole in my bank account and the time spent shopping could have been spent working.
in some ways it makes me feel accomplished, not like a man child who just lives of instant noodles and take aways.
there are moments when my brain is drained and i just watch netflix which makes me feel really guilty.
i’m also making a film with a group in my film studies course and i’m the script writer which is a lot of pressure, we’re also communicating mostly online because of the pandemic but i don’t know if things would be better if this wasn’t a pandemic... i’m worried that the people i’m working with don’t like me, i’m often the one who’s asking people if they’ve done this and that, what ideas do they have and so on.
because of the pandemic, none of us have even seen the set.
on top of that i have to write a pre production piece and read out loud an essay analysing a short story in creative writing... i’m doing a joint honours in a degree that’s seen as kind of useless and self-indulgent (the arts)
can anyone offer me practical things to do for stress/anxiety/worry.
i know to eat well (i do), exercise (i try), water (try), yoga and breathing (i hate yoga but deep breathing seems to help a little).
but like - i don’t want to wind up literally physically sick from stress and i fear i may.
i’m trying to cut back on coffee.
i take coq10, vit d and a b complex.
2020 has been tragic including but not limited to an abortion, mother dementia and stepmother cancer diagnosis.
i’m basically a care taker now for 3 parents.
and that’s only half of the stress this year brought.
i’m a generally pretty damn strong person.
i still am.
but i can tell my body is starting to disagree.
i’ve had a migraine for a week straight (could also be period hormones but this is insane) and diarrhea for two days.
last week during the election i had an itchy rash all over my face.
my body is pissed.
the family health issues won’t go away anytime soon, if ever.
so i have to figure out how not to make myself sick in the process.
they need me well.
i need me well.
but how does one de stress and calm down from issues that are major, like literally life or death.
i can talk myself down from personal issues like work or singledom or aging or childless.
but this is different.
health is everything.
thanks
hey guys.
uni is killing me.
i’m a first year student and i cannot be more stressed.
i’ve flunked on my last math and programming test and since then i’ve been studying non stop to the point where i don’t even take brakes.
i feel like i don’t even have time to rest.
either i’m in a class or i’m studying.
the reason i’m studying more is because i tried to balance  uni and my time off and look what really happened.
tbh i’m just burnt out.
mentally i’m so drained and tired that the stress is hard to deal with especially with finals coming up.
my math finals is all the topics we have covered since august.
yes since august.
on top of that i suffer from anxiety.
i haven’t had a proper break in a long time and i’m in need of one .
i’m completely burnt out
hi all.
&amp;#x200b;i've been feeling overwhelmed with my situation.
i've dug myself into huge debt due to horrible financial responsibility in my younger years along with continuous student loans and still not have gotten my degree after 5 years (i'm on my last two semesters now at least...).
i ended up going to school part-time, and taking two jobs to try and chip away at my debt... but the work has been very overwhelming and having to balance all of this is taking its toll on me.
&amp;#x200b;i just wanted to vent my frustration to anyone who will listen.
life is tough, but hopefully better days are coming.
!!
!mentions of disordered eating and other mental health conditions!!!
last year, i became extremely stressed, depressed and was diagnosed with anxiety.
i was also trying to lose a bit of weight but i became obsessed and it soon spiraled into disordered eating habits and me losing a lot of weight in a really small amount of time.
since then, i have slowly but surely gotten better and happier.
i'm still underweight and waiting for my period to return but i was overall doing better.
although i love winter, sad runs in my family and my doctors are highly suspicious that i too have it.
i can feel my mental health slipping and i'm stressing a lot too with covid, not seeing my family and friends as much and school work.
last week i was weighed and i have lost even more weight since august (42kg down from 48kg).
i am trying so so hard not to lose weight and i would say that i am eating more than 2000kcals each day.
i do around 45-60 minutes of dumbells 5 days a week but i'm so scared of slipping back and losing weight again.
does anyone have any tips???
thank you
i have many things stressing me over the past weeks, first off all i had to help my landlord to evict an abusive person why her house, then i had my doctor talk to me about two sugeries that would better my life...hysterectomy and a breast reduction.
i always believe in being natural, as in being who you are born to be and here i have to remove parts of myself, i deal with fibromyalga on top of all this which the falre ups are caused by stress and i cant get them to stop...i'm scared and stressed and freaking out that i have to go down this road and i have no idea how to handle any of this...
you don't have to work or study to be stressed.
i am.
jan severe food poisoning, hospitalized feb broke up with bf feb official mom dementia diagnosis march pandemic.
move from nyc back homemarch cancel disney trip april-june lived at moms = mental breakdown june had to get own place and spend $$$feb-sept dating two guyssept - one dude ghosts and i discover has 2 year girlfriend in canada  oct - pregnant.
abortion.
other guy bails.
nov - step mom diagnosed w colon cancer all year dealing with moms dementia no job due to pandemic single, no support, caregiving for family.
39 years old, not great fertility fsh numbers narcissistic abusive relationship 2014-2018 ptsdmoms dog gonna die any daytaking dads dog while he copes with wife’s colon cancer need job to survive by 2021insane friggin donald j trump aka sociopath narcissist trigger so im a strong person but this is getting to me badly.
i’ve has a migraine for 6 days straight.
i need massive coping with stress and anxiety help.
i know exercise.
water.
breathing.
blah blah blah.
does anyone know of any great stress information and or stress management videos?
ted talks, national geographic etc.... thank you !
 [in our bustling lives, it is easy to slip into our external commitments and neglect our mental well-being.
health is wealth, and mental health forms an important part of that.
we make it easier for every busy individual to find time for solace and self-care.
on the commute to and back home from work or school, wear your earpiece, close your eyes, listen to soulrelax and find peace of mind.
we aspire to be a stress-reliever source of music you can look forward to listening every day.
hope it helps you to feel more calm and relax.
 i always get bad grades, and my parents always think that i am acting when i am actually so surprised i got a bad grade, everything that i do today don't matter and it get trowed away in the trash of what i did last week or something and i just want to quit.
i am so tired i study so much for fucking hours until 12:00 am or 1:00 am since 7 pm and all i get is a fucking bad grade in three classes, that is fucking horse shit i try so hard and all it gives me is me getting screamed at by my parents, i try so hard i don't get anything good for it.
fuck my life, fuck my luck, fuck this school, fuck my parents logic, fuck my school's logic, fuck this slow ass laptop from 2008. fuck this shit.
hello everyone, i am a grad student pursuing clinical mental health counseling.
i have narrowed down my therapeutic approach to positive psychology.
although i am still early on in my educational path, i have implemented some of the strategies i have researched into my daily life and have experienced amazing benefits to my mental health.
one of the strategies is "gratitude walks".
fresh air, exercise and gratefulness are all ingredients to leading a better day!
the walk usually starts off with obvious things you are grateful for but soon blossoms into full conversations with yourself that allow you to recognize how much you really have!
after implementing this myself, i have noticed how much my willpower has grown just due to the idea that "i have achieved so much already, i am capable of achieving more."
i feel as though this method works so well to alleviate mental stress of any sort because it almost tricks the mind into thinking that you are safe and there is nothing to worry about.
i made a youtube video defining it in my own words and describing how to embark on your own gratitude walk.
if you'd like, please check it out!
i hope this finds you well!
sending light, love and positivity!
i’ve been through a lot of stress lately and i’ve gotten many anxiety attacks.
my back and abdomen randomly hurt and sometimes my left breast area.
i’ve also had stomach aches and diarrhea along with appetite loss.
anyone else have this when they’re stressed and how to handle it?
and honestly i don't understand why no one talks about this, i think that the evil agents of this world are trying to suppress this knowledge from the public.
i used to feel all types of negative emotions, rarely experiencing the positive ones.
before finding this.
you might've heard of it before (chi, life-force, prana, qi, piti, rapture, chills, spiritual chillls, goosebumps, ecstasy, euphoria, aura, mana, and many more).
not only is this energy the very essence of the positive emotions in our physical body it's in every thing in nature.
after unblocking my nadis (meridian channels) now i can will myself to feel my whole body flowing with this this pure euphoric energy everywhere in my body.
i finally found balance and the ability to deflect any negativity that may come from the outside world.
if you are interested in taking control of your energy and feel euphoria on-demand i made this short [tutorial youtube video](  explaining how you can also activate your spirits power.
  event: movember 12 hour game streamdate: monday, november 23rd / 2020time: 10:00 – 22:00 utc -4link: twitch.tv/canucknaroundwho wants to watch a couple of dummies play some games and raise money for men’s health?
12 hours of three no-name baboons just goin at it, playing games, talking shit, and discussing men’s health issues.
we want you to join us on twitch!
real talk: i suffered with borderline personality disorder in my early twenties, and the shit memories are still somewhat fresh.
i get those challenges of feeling unheard, and sometimes not having a bloody clue what is real and what is just shit in your head.
i managed to recover, but i did so in a brutal and rather unhealthy way.
there’s gotta be a better way to help solid lads around the globe get their footing.
if we raise some money towards the cause, we will come one step closer to a place where mental health isn’t a silent battle that is constantly silenced.
okay, back to the good stuff.
swing by the chat room, ask some questions, take the piss, or just join in on some banter.
it’s all for a good time, and an even better cause.
“but fellas, what are you gonna be streaming?” you may be thinking to yourself (or not, whatever, i’m still going to tell ya).
10:00 – 12:00 among us12:00 – 15:00 castle crashers15:00 – 17:00 pummel party17:00 – 22:00 halo 3it’s gonna be action games.
it’s gonna be party games.
it’s gonna be co-op games, and games where someone is sus and we either take it seriously or troll about like an idiot, pretending we can keep it cool when we’re the imposter.
it’s gonna be jokes, and it’s gonna be a great time.
join us, say hi, and if you can, leave a donation.
every cent will go towards movember, in support of men’s health.
we can all change lives.
let’s have a bangin time in the process.
november 23rd / 2020 | 10:00 – 22:00  utc -4 | twitch.tv/canucknaroundbe there!!
(16 f) i’ve never knew how stressed out i was with everything.
two days ago i had a mental breakdown at work.
i remember hanging clothes on the sales floor and having suicidal thoughts.
i remember not being able to breathe, so i quickly ran to the restroom and broke down in tears.
i started banging on the sink out of frustration and anger.
i haven’t been diagnosed yet, but if the doctor told me i had depression, anxiety, and bipolar depression.
i don’t think i would be surprised.
my manager came in the restroom and asked me what was wrong but i couldn’t get it out.
this is my a millionth time crying at work.
just last week i congratulated myself for not calling out sick when i was really just depressed.
i told her she should leave and not to worry about what’s wrong with me because i’m use to constantly crying.
i then leave the restroom and ran to my car without clocking out.
my crying became even louder and i started banging on the steering wheel while screaming.
i just don’t know what to do anymore.
ever since that day i’ve been thinking about going to do things such as getting my nose pierced, but lord knows how my african parents would take that.
(at a point when i don’t even care anymore and do what makes me happy.
they already weren’t happy when i first got my hair locked up.)
when i came home later that day my mom asked me why was i crying at work.
of course i couldn’t tell her because african parents never take this type of shit serious, so i shrugged it off.
(my school called my mom back in january about my suicide attempt, and she was pissed off about it.
she told me not to tell them that next time.)
it’s been so many fucked up shit to happen to me within just one time frame this year, but i mean everyone had a bad year this year.
lately ive been feeling so stressed with handling my first year of university online and dealing with my procrastination and wants to just relax and watch twitch streams.
i got a 50% on my midterm... so i passed by a hair.
lately my assignments have been teeter-totering from great to bad.
i feel so unstable like i have it so good then i get a crap thing in my day.
i’m trying to be positive and doing fun things daily to hype up my day and finding the good in my day like ive been doing since new years.
i was told to vent today by my astrology app and im doing that.
i feel a little better but thats my rant.
lol im sorry
about 6 months ago i struggled seriously with self-esteem issues and suicidal thoughts.
i never told anyone about it and i never did anything to get over it, i just sorta ignored it.
now i don't give a fuck about anything anymore.
all i do is go to the beach and drool over the same girl i have been chasing for months.
i have no motivation or fear of punishment.
i use to be a straight a student with a 4.5 gpa.
now i have like 15 missing assignments in every class.
whenever i am punished it doesn't bother me.
i can't take anything or anyone seriously.
even when my dad hits me for missing assignments or disrespecting him, it doesn't even phase me.
i'm not scared of dying.
i'm not scared of pain.
i'm not scared of being homeless.
in the end none of it matters anyway.
is this normal?
i use to have a almost obsessive crush on a girl and now i still like her, but i don't really care what she thinks of me anymore.
i use to do everything in order to impress her and now i just don't give a single fuck.
and like i said before i don't give a fuck about school anymore.
i was the kid who would stay after class and takes only ap and college classes and now i don't give a fuck if i end up homeless and without an education.
i was a d1 baseball player and might have a shot at college, but idgaf about it anymore and i've started skipping practice for the past couple of months.
i still don't have my permit, why would i need it if my friends could drive?
my mom was screaming at me about my grades and i laughed at her.
it seemed so stupid that some one was mad at me for a grade.
i just want to have a good time.
i started smoking weed again and drinking alone.
i know that's not healthy but no one knows any different so why not.
i think i'm gonna drop out and move in with my brother and if he doesn't let me move in with him i'll just be homeless.
what the fuck am i supposed to do with myself?
what the fuck is wrong with me?
hi.
darn it.
i was working on awesome projects.
like an anti-anxiety chatbot and stuff.
and an online indie game.
all was going well.
until about 4 and a half years ago when haters have been stalking me online, documenting everything i do, saving everything i post and putting it in a google drive folder, and people extremely often messaging me with threats and mean messages  like this: [[and it keeps happening.
and they keep harassing my followers, too.
so, i feel like taking a break from my main account.
i already did before but the haters that cyberstalk me somehow found them all.
so i've already made like 10 email addresses and accounts already before.
i'm running out of stamina... and it's too noisy here.
so here's a list of things i gotta do, but i can't get myself to do it because it is too much work for me nowadays:\- make a new email account\- use that to make social media accounts where i game and vent about how noisy it is here.
(i was doing that on my main account, but the cyberstalker troll guys would backup everything i post and re-post it on youtube without my permission and twist things around.)
\- make another new email account.
\- use that to make social media accounts dedicated to, well, everything that i am a huge fanboy over.
\- make yet another new email account\- use that to make awesome gaming videos where i am not constantly venting about how i can not stand how freaking extremely noisy it is here at this apartment that i live at.
\- make another email account again\- use that to make a podcast with a female voice changing program and attempt to somehow redeem and defend myself (my old main account) with it.
not sure about this yet though, that might be a bit too shady to do, idk.
i do have a female side to me, though; i mean i'm a femboy to be honest, so..\- make yet another email account\- use that to make videos where i can actually cuss if i feel frusterated.
i don't usually cuss, and i like to keep my content family friendly.
so i'd like to post videos where i play games and talk about subjects and things that tick me off, where i actually cuss, and i'd like it to be seperate from my other main gaming account that my family would probably subscribe to, so that i can cuss and have it for 17+ people, so that i can cuss in the videos without worrying much that i might be a bad influence to anybody.
ok but i don't wanna do any of that.
i already made like 10 email accounts before and such.
i'm getting really sick and tired of it.
i really wanna do all of those things that i listed and i have been wanting to for awhile now.
but i don't wanna make yet more accounts, it's just soo tiring to me now..
hey, i just wanna know what are some alarming side effects of stress and if i should really seek medical help?
when i'm stressed i always get nausea.
am i the only  one that gets this?
i know i’m not the only over thinker, especially in a sub reddit about stress.
has anyone come up with a way to stop over thinking or rumination?
the problem i have right now is that i’m having a really stressful time, problems with my partner, financial stress just a lot of things.
i work at a cleaning company so i clean peoples homes.
i work with two other people i don’t really get a long with them super well they are both kind of rude and clique-ish, the point is my mind is free to wander to all the places i don’t want it to all day long.
i’ve gotten to a point where i count the hours minutes over and over until i can get home.
and i have to constantly stop myself from crying at work because my mind replays negative things or makes up future negative conversations in my head over and over.
how can i distract my mind while working?
the job is too easy to distract me really i go through the motions and it’s easy for my mind to wander.
sorry if this was really repetitive or didn’t make sense... does anyone have anything that actually works to stop dwelling and overthinking?
this is a weird heavy time and i know it has been bringing me down and causing so much unnecessary stress.
i have begun implementing 4 things to decrease my stress and feel more grounded &amp; mindful.
1. obviously, we didn't get a clear-cut answer last night and i don't know if we will get one today.
so, i have been mentally preparing myself for these delayed results.
i have been practicing this dbt technique called "cope ahead."
you can do it too!
start by imagining the stressful situation, then identify which coping skills you can use, practice these coping skills, and then rehearse the stressful situation in your mind while coping effectively!
2. focus on my healthy habits and promote them!
get enough sleep, eat balanced meals, and move your body!
3. replace scrolling with something nourishing.
if going on social media is going to make you feel shitty right now, don't do it then!
there are a bunch of people on social media just poking the bear and the uncertainty right now might just make you feel more anxious.
i am opting for a book and a glass of wine over scrolling on twitter.
4. try to focus on the positive and look for signs of hope... (eye roll).
but seriously.
it's super easy to be negative during shitty times, but looking for peace throughout the day, writing a gratitude list, or simply smiling can boost your mood and decrease stress!
remember you are important and need to take care of yourself right now.
what you are feeling is valid, so show yourself grace and be compassionate to yourself!
how do you guys cope with a demanding boss?
my new boss sends work-related messages and errands even during weekends or late at night beyond office hours.
it's getting really stressful.
i was recently hired as a head of the finance department.
i've been in this new company for 2 months.
since i'm the newbie, i've been answering the boss even beyond working hours.
at 2 months, im already worn out.
i don't feel any work-life balance.
they expect you to be available 24/7 to attend to work concerns.
i've been thinking on quitting but i'm worried it would be hard to find another opportunity.
do you think it's okay for me as a new hire not to answer messages or emails beyond my working hours?
:(
looking for smaller inexpensive items that can help relieve stress and anxiety to use as holiday stocking stuffers for those in my life who are anxious.
any ideas?
i recently finally got hired at 17 at arby's, i nailed the interview yesterday so i got orientation downtown today but ever since whenever i think about it i just keep freaking out about it, i get shaky and my chest pounds.
i need help de stressing for when i think ab it
there are many benefits to deep breathing and they include improved stress management, reduced anxiety and an increase in focus.
taking time each day to practice deep breathing has greatly helped me manage my stress better and i wanted to share this with you all to try too!
if you have some doubts about the science behind this, [here is an article]( that explains it.
let me know if this helps anyone!
going to lay down because i have totally had nothing but a stressful start to the week.
i really wish i didn't have to put up with constant stress every day, but it continues.
i have a throbbing headache because of this bull crap stress that occurs without warning.
it really makes me mad as well.
i have too many reasons to cry i just need a break and more time for all my schoolwork
i havent been to school or work in 3weeks because my grandma died and we had to bury her in another country and my country has a rule that you have to be 10 days in lockdown when you go to another country.
i have an important test in 2 days for school and im trying to learn but its just hard and i cant focus and only stress help
so i finally had a chance to say my feelings about school today so i did, i wrote a 5 page essay, and i used some points and quotes from other people, im not claiming they are mine, just using them to support my statement, and my teacher just asked me where i got a quote from i said, well erm i got it off a website.
and she said, hey can you email me a copy of your whole essay (it's not plagiarized i promise) and its 12 am and i still haven't dont it and im scared for tomorrow... what do i do.
i liked going to this forum for depressed people.
the only problem was one of the mods there, who happens to be the husband of the owner of the forum, has always been really rude to me.
and every time i reported his mean comments, he would get super ticked off at me.
i posted a "letters to admin" thread, saying i still feel bad that back in august that guy pm'd me telling me to stop complaining about him and asking me "why can't you just be normal?"
and that guy (or his wife, who is nice but biased towards her husband it seems) ip banned me.
i was chatting with members there.
one of them was a nice member that helped explain a very bad situation i'm in, quite clearly.
but when i was ip banned and used a form to ask if i was really banned, i got a message back and it said some rude things such as "everyone is tired of you messaging them."
now i feel really bad.
i didn't know i was bothering people that much there..to make matters all the worst, i was freaking locked out of my twitter account.
i followed like just 3 accounts in a row (seriously) and was locked out for unusual activity.
usually when this happens, i get texted a verification code and enter that and it lets me back in.
however, this time it said i will get a phone call with a verification code.
i tried 3 times, but i don't get a phone call.
i e-mailed twitter explaining that and requesting to get a text verification code again instead of a phone call, but i just got this terrible automated response: [ now that i can't get into my twitter account, and it doesn't allow me to make a new account because too many accounts are linked to my phone number, i don't know how to do the only thing i really feel like doing: sharing my gaming videos and drawings etc.
...it really, really stresses me out.
now i'm just really tired...
came across this tedx talk and found it really simple and useful when it comes to dealing with stress.
basically, you can choose any day of the week (probably sunday) to just detach from the world and distractions.
just spend time with yourself and be peaceful.
its too noisy heremy computer keeps messing upthe place i got support from emailed me back saying i was indeed ip banned and wrote this:" when you were allowed to go back it was under the direction that you wouldn't talk about staff anymore.
so no, you've been banned and none of your messages will be replied to again \[censored\].
i'm not sitting here for another week replying to these.
everyone is tired of your messaging them.
\[censored\] is gone and the only other person who gave a shit (\[censored\]) - you were mean to.
it's over.
i hope you find somewhere else to go. "
and i keep hearing people be noisy upstairsand i used ctrl alt delete and got an error message saying the power options can't be loaded and to force my pc to turn off and my computer kept blinking differnet colorsi need helppeople keep giving me the same advice on how to fix my pci already ran the dcim lines, i already ran virus checking programs, i already defraggedwhat is a good program to backup my files??
i have way way too many files scattered about in too many folders and i can not work or think for much because its too noisy at this apartment!
please, nothing ever works
hello, my name is selen immet, and i am a product design student at the mimar sinan fine arts university in turkey.
my intension is the develop a product that helps people cope with anxiety and stress.
i made a simple, quick survey that is going to guide me through the design process.
thank you for your time.
...remaining stationary while processing thoughts like a factory.
...undoing a yarn ball.
...skating on a half-melted pond.
...trying and failing to fit a square in a circle.
...separating the chocolate from the milk.
...a two-steering wheel car.
...the very bottom of the mountain.
...an island of salvation.
...a malfunctioning computer.
...a dog tugging on the leash.
...never resurfacing.
...the warning of the garbage truck.
&amp;#x200b;
hh: i'd like to touch a bit more on the evolution of the stress response and how it evolved versus how it's being activated today.
would you say that we're more stressed than our ancestors were?
sl: many people ask me whether we are more stressed than our ancestors were.
well, they had different stressors than we had because in order to answer this question, it is highly important to distinguish between two types of stressors: absolute and relative stressorsan absolute stressor is a real truth for everyone.
for example, someone comes in my house and says, fire!.
and we're not going to start talking, i'm going to start running and get out of this house to save my life.
so this is an absolute stress.
now we have a problem because we don't have a lot of absolute stress, nowadays in our countries.
we are in very rich countries, educated, healthy.
and yet, the world health organization predicts that by 2020, which is now, depression related to chronic stress, will be the second cause of invalidity in the world after cardiovascular disorders that are related to stress.
well, this didn't make sense for us scientists because in the entire history of humanity, humans have never been in such high level of security.
there's no more mammoths!
you know, there's no more big, you know, animals chasing us.
and yet many, many of us are suffering from stress.
and we now know that it is because these stressors that surround us now are relative.
ever since i was a little kid, i’ve always overthought.
if i make a mistake, i’ll think about it for days, which turn into weeks, and sometimes months.
for example, about a week and a half ago i picked up my friend and her cousin and went to the mall and i accidentally took the exit incorrectly (there was traffic cones and shit), and i still think about because i’m so embarrassed.
the moment keeps replaying in my head and i keep coming up with solutions to the situation.
like, what if i killed us 3?
what if i hurt other people exiting?
what if everyone’s scared of driving with me again?
what if i hit someone, or someone hit me?
what if there wasn’t any road right there?
what could’ve happened because of my stupidity?
like im just so fucking annoying and stupid and dumb.
i hate me bro.
i’ll think about things that happened years ago and it’ll be on my mind for the longest time until i just simply forget.
sometimes when i get the thinking and get annoyed in a way, and i slap my head.
as if i can slap the thought out of me.
it stresses me out so bad.
sometimes i just wish i could just die so i won’t have to think at all.
my thoughts eat away at me.
my friend kept yelling at me last night, and the more she did, the more sadder i got and kept overthinking that i was an annoying pest and they didn’t want me around.
i kept calling people to say happy halloween and both my friends kept yelling.
and i know they meant it innocently, but now i just can’t/won’t stop thinking about it.
i just know it.
i just don’t know how to stop thinking.
and i need help.
how do i stop overthinking?
what can i do?
talking chronic stress in interview w/ dr.sonia lupien hh: so let's start off by asking you to introduce yourself, what you do and what you study.
sl: my name is sonia lupien.
i'm a research scientist.
i'm the director of the center for studies on human stress.
and i'm studying the effects of stress on the human brain.
hh: and then i'd also like to start by just doing defining stress so it can mean many things to different people.
so maybe just defining what it means in your research and i guess maybe how it differs from chronic stress.
sl: yeah.
so the public definition of stress, when you ask her members of the public, most people will tell you that stress is time pressures.
so we feel stressed, when we don't have the time to do all the things we would like to do in the allocated period of time.
well for us, uh, scientists in the field of stress, this is not stress.
this is not the definition of stress.
because if it was, how could you explain that you're stressed out when you're going, for example, to the dentist and no one's going to throw you on a chair, but still you're stressed out?
or when you learn about the, you know, the disorder of your mother, there's no “stress” and still you're stressed out.
so the measures we’re using in the science of stress, we're using the biological response to stress.
and this allowed us to much better understand what entails this stress response.
so basically what it means is that your brain is a detector of threatening information.
that's the job of your brain.
so when your brain detects a threat that we call a stress, it will activate a cascade, you know, an endocrine axis called the hypothalamic pituitary adrenal axis, because it involves three regions.
the hypothalamus, which will produce a crf, which is a hormone which will go to the pituitary gland telling the pituitary gland to produce a cth, which will go then into the bloodstream, reach two small glands located on top of your kidneys that we call the adrenal gland, telling them to produce glucocorticoids and catacholamines adrenaline, noradrenaline, which are basically the stress hormones.
and once this is done, you will produce the stress response, meaning you will mobilize energy to have enough energy to do the only two things you can do in front of a threat.
you can either fight or get away, if you know the threat is too big.
surviving for the hunt for example.
the stress and the pressure is real.
i can't even enjoy the pleasure i get from my daily activities.
i used eating as a way to escape, but it just doesn't work anymore.
i worry about school so much that my hair falls out every single day.
i eat until i throw up, only to eat again.
i sit in the toilet for most of my time, trying to cope with my diarrhea.
stress ruined me.
i gained weight rapidly.
i ate a lot, but i didn't feel good.
i just can't deal with this anymore.
i have had suicidal thoughts, but i know that is just stupid.
what should i do?
i can't function under pressure.
so this is going to be my first ever post on reddit.
these past couple of months have taken a toll on my mental well being and i’m really just hoping writing all this down will help me.
and maybe i’ll get some helpful responses.
this year is going to be my last year at my 2yr community college, where i have to decide on my major before transferring.
i never was the best student, but this year i just have no motivation.
i can’t seem to imagine any part of my future, and having to decide on what i want to pursue for the rest of my life is just so scary to me.
it’s been keeping me up every single night and i just can’t bring myself to do my school work or anything productive because i just don’t see the point.
i just don’t have a passion for anything, and i never really have besides for sports but i don’t think that’s gonna get me anywhere.
all my friends know exactly what they want to study and it just makes me feel so dumb and horrible about myself.
every time i think about my future i just burst into tears so i’m mainly posting this as a way to try and relieve some stress for the moment.
maybe someone here has been in a similar situation, if so i’d love to hear anything you guys have to say.
thanks
i am stuck in a house with trump supporters.
i live in the midwest, and i’m a senior in high school, and i can’t fucking wait to get the hell out of this suffocating place.
and i can bite my tongue and handle my immediate family supporting trump most of the time.
but i just can’t fucking do it anymore.
i just can’t.
i broke tonight at the dinner table and slammed my hand on the table and yelled at my brother.
i was talking, having a conversation about how i wasn’t comfortable going out to a restaurant because of covid, and he rolled his eyes at me and said “oh my god.” and i screamed “what” back at him and put my dishes away and went upstairs.
now i’m in trouble for screaming.
i fucking hate it here.
i’m full of rage and anger and i can’t go for a drive because my car is broken right now.
i needed to vent.
so thank the goddesses for reddit i guess.
personally i believe in this especially because i've experienced a lot of events that many would consider "weird, hallucinations, paranormal and spiritual".
for example, i went to bed to my girlfriend who just had fallen asleep a couple of minutes earlier and right after laying down i saw this glowing green orb exiting her body, coming in front of me as if it was looking at me and then reversing outside my bedroom window.
i'm 100% sure it was her spirit.
(light body or whatever you wanna call it.)
one time i was meditating "buddha style" with my eyes halfway closed and saw this huge glowing golden orb approach me.
nowadays while thinking or talking to someone  i get to see these shining small orbs appear out of nowhere and stay there for a while.
all varying in different colours.
nowadays i mostly see blue.
all of this has been happening to me since 2013 when i've started meditating and getting really into spirituality.
if you are interested i've made this [youtube video]( about which method of meditation opened my awareness to be able to witness these sightings.
let me know your thoughts on it!
hi all, i’m currently in a situation with my grandmother who went into surgery which she should have came home wednesday.
now my sister told me they might keep her in the hospital longer due to some minor issues they want to make sure she’s 100% good to come home and heal.
i can’t talk to my family about this because they are dealing with it too.
i’m putting it on the internet for now to just get it out and maybe some feedback.
my mother and father are dead so this woman is all i have.
i have a pit in my stomach after my sister called me to update me so i tried cleaning the house so when she gets home it’s clean and she can heal.
i’m trying not to think “but what if” but it’s hard to get out of that spiral.
i do have anti anxiety medication.
i know it’s bad to use drugs during your brains developmental stages because when you run into stressful issues when you are older your brain can’t handle it without drugs, but shit.
it’s the only thing keeping me from not panicking.
i am all alone at home, i found out if i keep music on or a tv it makes me feel less on edge.
tommorrow is halloween i am going to go to my sisters house and pass out candy if trick or treaters come.
that is the only thing i hope bring me some happiness.
i am scared, and trying to not break down to people that are also not trying to break down.
i already emailed my professors just incase to let them know if next weeks assignments are late it’s not my poor management it’s just family issues.
i hiked with an old friend today which was pretty okay, but it didn’t seem to bring me anything or help anything.
we rarely talk, but it was good to meet up with her even though she didn’t talk at all the whole time.
i was the one talking.
it’s werid to see we used to be so close now i feel like i just don’t know her anymore.
i can manage to make stuff to eat or even drive anywhere without anxious energy.
i’ve been trying to keep up with feeding the animals and cleaning all day to stay busy but like fuck dude.
i’m just not sure what i can do to fix anything.
in my mind i’m screaming, but i’m keeping my shit together for my older sisters sake.
i am trying to keep a positive attitude, but adding pre existing mental health issues onto this situation and seasonal depression is something i can’t stand.
i am begging the universe to please get this issues done with and my nana home, healthy, and safe.
can stress cause nerve pain even if you don’t have neuropathy?
hi all, i’m in the early stages of building an app to manage and reduce stress.
your opinions would really help me out.. please could you do me a small favour and help me test the app.
takes 2 secs to sign up here[earlyaccess]( or just dm me after years of dealing with chronic stress, i want to do this to help myself and others.
would be great to get your support
i have so much god damn shit on my plate right now.
i have research synthesis paper about the legality if companies owning employee generated intellectual property due in 2 weeks.
i have 5 sections of a fraternal declaration of principles to have memorized in 2 days.
i have rugby practices that ive had to skip to keep up with my work.
i have a paddle i have to be done making in 2 days.
i have a shit ton of calculus 2 homework due soon that i have no clue how to do.
i feel like i am drowning in my work.
i have this annoying ass fuck roomate who does nothing but berate me with insults all fucking day and holy shit i want him to shut the fuck up.
hes such a fucking cunt i stg these freshman assholes think they are hot shit as soon as they get to college.
im almost halfway through my sophomore year of college but i get no god damn respect from anyone younger than me.
fuck this shit.
i’m in my senior year in university (electrical engineering).
due to my university going online this semester, i’m back in my parents’ house.
the house is very hectic 24/7.
the youngest (age gap of 12 and 14 years) are still in primary school and are very noisy.
my parents are not doing anything to limit that, and i’m too broke to go out all the time.
senior year is very stressful itself with all the deadlines i can bearly meet and classes being so hard.
i feel like nothing is going the way i want it to be.
i just want to be more motivated and stop overthinking...
i'm sick of thispeople made two violent artworks of my character being murderedreported it on twitter and instagram for violent imagery etc.
and they said its not against the policies (??
but it is..!)
they back up every picture and video of me over the years into a google drive folderthey messaged me on tumblr saying they know where i live and that they can call me right now.
[[dude it really stresses me out.
and here's an explanation of why this is happening and yes i agree this guy wrote way too much text but still here's a clear explanation:[ [   [   [   [   [   [   [
i've been trying to make some money since 2019 by making knives, and since it's not a very common activity i have no one to ask for help (on the real world).
so, i have problems sometimes that causes me a lot (a lot) of stress and i simply can't handle it.
for example i once got so stressed out by something not working when it should that i started having trouble swallowing and breathing and at some point it got so bad i thought i would have to call an ambulance because i could barely stand on my feet my head was hurting and my blood pressure probably got really high.
i'm 24yo no health problems, that's not normal.
anyone else can relate to that?
how do you handle it?
a lot of you might've had stress.
i posted this on my profile, so go ahead and check it out there.
i'm just posting this because i needed to get it out.
thank you for staying and listening to me vent, and it would be appreciated if you commented your thoughts.
thank you.
it probably started in 1st grade.
i was having some friend trouble, because i was bullying my friend.
i know it's really mean, and i regret it a lot, but i did it.
and i can't change it.
so, let me call her ally.
ally, if you're listening, i'm so so so so sorry i did this awful stuff to you.
i hope i have changed.
anyways, i started having ocd and anxiety.
i had to flex my arms a lot, wrinkle my nose and shift my jaw.
otherwise i would feel really--yucky, i guess.
it wasn't that bad.
then i had to go to second grade.
the first weeks started out fine, but i really started having trouble.
i guess it was karma for bullying ally.
a girl named...julie, she was my friend with ally.
julie was really mean.
like once we were coming back from music and we were going to lunch and she said, "for lunch recess, we're going to play my little pony."
i didn't really want to do it, so i said, "julie, i don't really want to do that.
i'm sorry."
but julie said, "well if you don't want to play with us then you're not our friend."
that really hurt me so i told my teacher, and she said what did she do?
i was too scared to say it so i said, "she rolled her eyes at me."
now i really regret it but at the time i was thinking she would be mad at me for doing that.
eventually things got better and we had a six group, me, ally, julie, nora, quin, and mia.
i changed their names, but they are similar.
i had to start keeping trash.
it was really hard because i would cry when i got home because i couldn't get rid of anything.
when we went to restaurants i had to keep the dirty chopsticks and napkins.
i wanted to keep the cups and everything but my parents would force me to throw it away.
i had a big bin of trash, old gum, and gross stuff.
i was really upset but i couldn't help it, and i was stuck.
at the time i would hide under my bed and cry, wanting to die.
i saw a therapist, and she helped me.
i had these bottles where i would put marbles in them every time i didn't do what the bottle was for.
i also had this thing with time where i had to like do this ritual and heart it.
if you were in my 3rd grade class, you know who i am.
i was trying to stop it but i just couldn't.
one of my friends told me, "what are you doing?"
and i would just say, "nothing."
but eventually i stopped, after a very hard 2 years.
i told my friends what was going on, but not the full story.
bella, my friend who kept asking me what i was doing, told me, "oh!
i thought you were like doing a fancy family ritual.
like i was like, okay, it's five o'clock, will she do it tomorrow?"
but i was like.
"we're not at school at 5."
"yes we are."
"no, at 5 a.m.
we're sleeping and at 5.p.m.
we're eating dinner."
me and her would laugh it off.
but then something personal happened, my grandpa died and it hurt me so much.
i would wake up and i couldn't move, i actually got sleep paralysis.
i would want to die thinking that i couldn't do anything and i would tell myself i was useless and no one would love me.
i sometimes would get 99% a grade and cry, hiding it from my mom because she would get me in trouble.
i thought she would.
i eventually told her and she cried, telling me that everything was okay and that she loved me.
i was seriously hurt and i was broken.
i would put on a smile with my friends but in the bathroom i would cry.
i know it sounds cheesy but this was a really hard time for me, and if anyone is going through this you will get through it.
 thank you so much for listening to me vent.
i know it's really hard because i've experienced it myself, but i want you to know that everything will be okay, after many tears and screaming, times where you're about to kill yourself.
but stop and think of the amazing things you can and could do, and all the many wonderful people that love you.
you can do it.
you have my full support.
i’ve been doing good but i’m starting to slip a little bit and i’m kind of getting really burnt out.
i’ve had some really bad headaches and my sleep schedule is messed up.
i miss summer and tbh early on in quarantine back in march, april, and may
hello everyone!
my name is arhan, i’m 16 years old and from hong kong.
i’ve started a project called covidya (covid as in the virus and vidya as in the sanskrit word for knowledge).
i would like to pair the many of us who need extra educational support during these difficult times to the many of us who have some spare time and wouldn’t mind donating just an hour or two per week to help someone in need by sharing a skill.
there are a lot of people on this sub.
if you feel like you could benefit from a little bit of help with your classes (maybe you can’t afford an expensive tutor, don’t have online classes, or just need a little academic help during these hard times), i really hope my project helps you.
it’s 100% free and you can request to be paired with a teacher of whatever class/subject you need help with.
just sign up on my website, [covidya](if you happen to have some time and know a thing or two about any class/subject/skill you’re good at, please feel free to help someone in need across the world by signing up to tutor.
just an hour a week could make a difference to someone’s life.
it’s completely optional but if you’re taking free classes for a topic you need help with and want to give back, teach a topic you are good at to someone else!
or even if you aren’t signing up to be a student, please consider donating some time to help those affected the most by the pandemic.
the project has already been featured in over 20 newspapers and there are a bunch of tutors signed up and ready, but we need more students too!
so please, if you want to push yourself and study a bit while also getting free help, this is for you!
once again, to sign up to receive or give classes (or both), use this link: [covidya](thank you for your time and consideration, stay safe!
william shakespeare once said, “time is very slow for those who want, very fast for those who are scared, very long for those who are sad and very short for those who celebrate but for those who love, time is eternal”.
  everyday 86,400 seconds are deposited into your life account.
these seconds are so much more powerful than money because you can always make more money, you can’t always make more time.
at the end of the day once they’re all used up you get a new 86,400 seconds.
we would never waste it if it was money, so why do we waste it when it comes to time?
i am in recovery from drugs and alcohol (over 2 years clean), in college online, just recently lost my job, am having a very difficult time finding another, my car insurance is due in 2 days and i am broke and freaking out.
i have been donating plasma to have enough $ for food and gas to go to job interviews but it isn't cutting it.
i don't have parents i can borrow from and both my housemates were exposed to covid yesterday.
does anybody know resources to help me or how i can catch a freaking break?
i am spiraling and don't want to get worse.
all of this is impacting my mental health.
online school has been stressing me out!
im in 7th grade and there making us wake up at 6:30 to eat breakfast and join the advisory zoom at 7:20 while my sister wich is a junior in high school starts at 11:00 and she can sleep untill 9:00. i feel like ive lost my appetite due to the fact that i have to eat at such and early time in the morning.
i wish they could change our schedule :(
a few months ago i transferred offices within my work organization.
within the first few weeks the manager was replaced with a worker that had worked at the office previously.
i currently feel like i am dealing with nepotism in the office.
one of my new co-workers is friends -possibly best friends- with my now new manager.
it feels like all day they are just chatting and pushing their work off to others.
(taking personal calls at work, on the clock) basically getting payed to hangout.
it almost always feels like they are dipping out of work early and never being scheduled for late closes.
they are usually scheduled off the same day; which sucks because when they don't work together they actually do their jobs well.
some people should not work with their friends if they can't muster up enough work ethic to do their job despite such distractions...any form of confrontation makes me anxious so i can't form the proper or correct words to even open a discussion without it coming across the wrong way.
it does not help that both of them seem to thrive on drama.
i may not say much, but that does not mean that i am unaware of the unfriendly way that things are being said to other co- workers or myself.
several weeks after i finally tested negative to covid-19 i had a severe panic attack on my way back to college followed by constant anxiety and severe stress most of the time since late august.
i had dealt with severe anxiety similar to what i have been experiencing over the past two months years ago when i was in elementary in middle school, so to have this come back and effect my life here at college to the extent at which it does is extremely upsetting to me.
i feel extremely anxious most of the time and for some reason i have developed a sort of phobia of looking up at the sky.
when i look up at the sky i begin to feel extremely dizzy, anxious, and a panic attack is not too far behind.
i initially believed i had vertigo but it was more recently that i realized that these feelings i have begun to experience are a result of extreme stress and anxiety which is caused by something which i do not know or understand.
when i am either drinking with friends, smoking, actively doing something, or basically doing things with people i do not feel most of these feelings most of the time but when i am alone and stuck in my own head i cant help these feelings from totally overwhelming me.
i have not spoken to anybody about this really so after.
my mental health currently is extremely poor as the anxiety and occasional panic attacks are something of the likes i have never experienced before.
i have never used reddit before but i am thought it would be a good idea to reach out to see if there is anyone out there who is in a similar situation to me and who would like to talk about it.
i really hope someone reaches out as i think it could help you as well.
please reach out through email or commentcovid 19 stress disorder
i'm currently in the second year of my apprenticeship and keep messing up stuffi'm unable to take calls or talk to customersmy boss and my instructor aren't very pleased with thatand whenever i feel like i improved at least a bit, they take me out of work to talk about my problems and this throws me back into my former status, since talking on such serious stuff keeps stressing me out even morei'm on my last note...one more slip-up and they'll fire me...i need helpthanks for reading
i was playing arizona sunshine and my game crashed with someone i met and wanted to be friend with what should i do i cant sleep thinking about it and all.
hey.
my name's ruaridh and my october break just ended.
where i live we have real life school again, and we just finished our two week holidays finishing term 1 of autumn.
i find myself writing this in the middle of the night, unable to sleep due to the stress that awaits me tomorrow morning.
i have to do 7 weeks more school until i get another holiday.
7 weeks.
7 weeks of stress, anxiety and repetitiveness.
i have no idea how i'm going to cope with 7 weeks more school, im in tears right now and don't know what to do.
new to reddit, wish to explore a bit
to be fair, it hasn’t just been today in a stand-alone issue.
it’s been ongoing.
in the past few months, i got a new job and two weeks after that, i’m promoted to my first management position.
needless to say, i’m under qualified and overwhelmed.
and with covid, it’s difficult to find workers and to find people who give a shit about their jobs anyway.
today, however, is my 28th birthday and my girlfriend surprised me at work with cake.
she’s wonderful and i’m proposing later this year.
but i had to work a double today and work was especially tough.
and i’m hurting for workers and especially for good workers.
and it’s causing the decent workers i have to complain more and more to me.
then the owner says we are throwing a new years party and i’m in charge of planning.
it was going to be the first christmas i can take my girlfriend to my hometown, but it’s severely disrupted my plans.
now, i’m typing this out and we’ve been sitting in silence for several minutes.
my mind can’t stop racing and she, god bless her, is at least looking for solutions for our christmas problems.
but i’m ready to go home.
i’m ready for bed.
and i’m ready for the world to get back to work so i can find some decent help.
sorry about the rant.
tldr: fuck work, work fucks with all plans, need sleep.
one thing i'm certain is that we never know for sure what's gonna happen.
even if we made a list of all the events that could unfold(positive/negative) we have to realize that expecting the positive outcomes is extremely powerful (to influence how we feel beforehand and motivate us on a fearless level.)
life has even given me situations that match the good feelings i felt after expecting exciting positive situations!
if you're interested in this concept, here's my [youtube video]( about how breaking those barriers of negativity and letting all that enthusiasm, from the positive outcomes, flow in has deeply helped me feel like i'm on fire!
i was in my second to last semester of nursing school and i failed the course.
now i have to wait until spring to try again and hopefully complete my degree.
has anyone else experienced failure like this but somehow managed to pick themselves up again?
i don't know why, i don't think i have much to be angry about, but i can tell that i'm probably carrying a lot of anger and stress.
today i yanked a bathroom chord in my flat and ripped the string!
i was so shocked it was like i wasn't even aware that i'd done it, i was so stressed i didn't think about the obvious consequences of yanking extremely hard on the bathroom light.
now it's broken for everyone 😰this isn't the first time i've done something like this, when i was at university last year a computer took too long to load or something like that, and i just flipped out, i picked up my mouse and slammed it on the desk.
it was dead silent in the library so this was extremely loud.
again, i wasn't thinking, then it hit me what i'd done, a girl was staring at me with a very concerned and horrified look on her face.
message me if your keen to talk or ill message you
why the f does my stomach constantly growls and feels like i have too much stomach acid.
i think it's related to stress.
over the course of the last 2 weeks, i have gotten maybe 30 hours of sleep in total.
why you ask?
because i am stressed out of my god damn mind.
i’m failing all my classes, i’m losing all my friends, i’m working my ass off to find a job but no one will hire because our economy is in fucking shambles, and i’m struggling with my sexuality.
like for christ sakes, could someone throw me a fucking bone or something?
being clinically depressed and having to deal with this is not fucking fun.
i’ve been working at this place for over a year.
i hit all my goals and i was in line for a promotion.
since covid i have been receiving more workload with some higher level work without the promotion .
i asked when i’ll be promoted but they don’t know because of covid which to me is an excuse to keep paying me low while doing the next level work.
now, i don’t know if i even want the promotion but i was going that way because i was already doing the work.
i’m leaning towards leaving this job all together now only because i work 65-70 hours, have to meet unrealistic deadlines, double workload, and now i every morning when i wake up i have chest pain and i shake.
i have panic attacks more than ever and most of the time i have no time to eat or even do things for myself.
the only reason why i haven’t quit yet is because my husband wants me to stay until i find another job but i can’t be 100% when i’m stressed and have no time .
i don’t know what to do but sometimes i feel like the only way out is having a really bad panic attack , passing out and staying in a hospital ... even still my job would have me work.
what should i do
i feel so hopeless right now my classes are extremely difficult but i have to take them if i want anything close to successful future, i can’t afford therapy or even come out to my parents about my mental health but school has me feeling so anxious and honestly depressed im behind on my assignments and i have to get them done but i really don’t know if i can does anyone have any advice?
i suck at finding anything.
and people tell me to use a search engine but i always, always, always fail at finding what i'm looking for with them.
like right now.
i just made a cool let's play gaming video of me playing through a secret of mana romhack that i've been working on, but it was mass downvoted by the haters that always mass downvote everything i post on youtube.
so i simply just want to know a good place to share let's play videos, cuz i already posted it on 100+ old discords and a subreddit and amino,so i searched it up:[but none of these results seem to be useful to me.
i just wanna know where some good places are for me to share my "let's play" retro oldschool (and romhack) gaming videos.
i know someone who eats bag sweets  everyday because of low mood, stress.
he just ignores the health issues, he's dependent on sweets to feel better it only provides temporary relief but it doesn't matter.
i never thought that this day would come
i answered yes... only to have realised i lost myself.
the ego is the result of mixing your spirit with a human body forcing it to adapt and create an ego persona for this world.
so that means every worldly desires/reactions comes from your ego.
for example unforgiveness.
whatever someone may have done to you if you don't forgive them than you are using your ego.
forgiveness brings out the real you because it forces you to draw the line between your emotional ego and see the contrast between it and your infinite true self.
your true self is the you that cares about people in need, the planet, humanism, altruism, sharing, not judging others and many more inspiring things.
draw the line and recognize who you truly are.
here's my [youtube video]( about aligning with your true self.
i was part of a like... i'm not good at talking but like... there's some rare niche program that lets you make computer games..any time i asked for help in the forums, people always responded with "yeah, i could very easily help you out with your coding problems, i see what you did wrong and i could give you advice... but instead, i'm just going to laugh at you for being such a bad programmer!!"
and then they invited me to a discord and they were all about "memes" and everytime i chatted there, people would post weird pepe meme faces etc and make fun of methen someone invited me to a smaller discord saying its not like that there, but it is.
and whenever i posted on reddit and other places, often times people would say "is this a troll thread???"
so then i try to say "and no this is not a troll thread" but then people respond saying "this must be a troll thread if you say no this is not a troll thread"its so freaking noisy here and i feel very stressed out and anxious about stuff but i'm too afraid to post about it anywherei thought it was safe to post in a community for autistic people since i too have autism, but a moderator banned me, saying the ban reason is that i "am a clear bad example of someone with autism."
i just don't feel comfortable venting anywhereand haters found my private vent videos and re-uploaded them on to youtube without my permission at all, and my online friend (who says he would've blocked me by now but he's too nice and he always says depressing negative things to me every day multiple times) said people were linking to those videos and making fun of me saying i'm not "mature" for venting in those private venting videos that the haters re-uploaded from my private vent account onto a public youtube channel without my permission to make fun of me.
i just don't feel comfortable at all and i feel so bad..
if anyone wants a video response to a question i have an anonymous form [
helpp
hey r/stress just looking for a bit of advice.
i made a service that sends out a physical guide each month on stress management.
it only costs $9.
people seemed excited but no purchases.
why do you think that might be?
i really want this to take off because i used these ideas to get past sa and stress and want to share them.
okay i didn't necessarily clean it, a random house cleaner did.
and my parents made them clean it without my permission.
i didn't know until i walked into an empty room, i tried to relax but i felt so cold and anxious.
i texted my friend and they said to just mess it up again and i did, it just doesn't feel like my room anymore.
i don't know if this is stupid or if this is where to post this, but help
so i just have these random moments of anxiety and fast heartbeat at times.
i think the majority of the time it’s my job that causes me to feel stressed.
i try to always keep in mind that i can only do so much but having this mindset doesn’t always keep me from feeling this way.
it’s pretty stressful job and now having been there a few months i can see why people come and go.
also living with a toxic parent hearing him call my siblings horrible names and constantly arguing with my mother for the dumbest reasons.
it’s all too much and i just really wanna find a way out.
just writing this is causing me to be emotional.
i just want  to be stress free.
there’s just no way that this is life, i refuse to believe it ....
made a collection of the [best stress management tutorials]( that can be useful to control your stress and workload in this so-called pandemic life
having someone listen to us without judging can help us ease our stress.
if you are in need of this, feel free to message me; i am a listener and can arrange a time to chat with you one-on-one so you can vent.
i'm a freshman in high school.
through out my school years, elementary, middle school, i just had to coast through school with no problems, i received great grades.
i was never challenged and i was fine with that.
i did advanced math in middle school and did fine.
last spring when online school started, everything fell apart, i skipped assignments, i didn't turn work in and when my parents got an email from my teachers, i was grounded and it made me more stressed out.
but the email and punishment didn't do anything, i was still skipping.
i somehow managed to pass last year with the pass/fail system they implemented last year.
i thought this year would be different i would get shit handled, but since day one, can't concentrate during zooms, turning in half of the assignments and i have 3 classes i have as in and 3 that i have a c- d+ and an f in.
parent teacher conferences are tomorrow, and i am freaking out.
i think i have no choice but to tell my parents before the conference so it comes from me and not them.
i am fucking up so badly though in these classes.
just procrastinating work and unlike previous grades they don't chase you down if you don't have it.
my parents are pretty strict.
they are going to be out of their minds pissed.
and i don't think i can handle it, i've never had to do this where i've had to reach out and ask for help.
i'm just so terrified of telling my parents i'm repeating my same mistakes.
please can someone talk to me?
just 15 minutes or so just pm me if you can thank you
3 weeks ago, i started expierencing chest pains (pain is sharp, digging and it's sometimes uncomfortable), shortness of breath and rapid heartbeat.
i'm very concerned as to why it's happening.
i have been told that's because of my nerves and stress.
so has anyone expierenced this?
what can i do, so it would dissapear?
i'm not allowed to go to doctors since my mom told me to "not stress"
hi.
&amp;#x200b;two month ago i got a new laptop.
but the fan noise is loud.
to the point i even cry and have a lot of stress.
( almost every day ).
but i whant to get used to the sound.
but every time i open a game and the fan noise comes.
i just wanna shut down the game.
so i need to no longer get stressed about the sound of the laptop.
anybody has tips?
and from that stress i also get tinnitus.
i have tinnitus 2 years now.
and i think thats from the stress i got from things.
rowan ( 13 years old ) from the netherlands.
when listening to recordings from previous lectures i just over due it and write everything she said.any advice??
this is for my hardest class right now and thank god she records herself when lecturing because this class is hard.
when i’m listening to previous recordings i feel like i pause every second to recapture every sentence she said.
this takes hours and hours and like i dint have time as i have other classes to tend to.
should i just listen intently to what she saying then summarize it in writing?
i long for the simpler times or for a smarter mind.
i’m trying to complete this current semester of nursing school but i’m afraid i’m gonna fail because of the workload i have.
every time i open a page to study i start to freak out and feel my heart racing.
i’m so scared of failing and just want it all to end already.
i’m so stressed (13 female).
i have so much work this week, and this month i just have a bunch of work.
i have so many assignments.
and since i have so many, i don’t want to do them at all.
and then it builds up, which means i have even more work.
can someone help me break this cycle?
it’s driving me insane.
and it causes me to be extremely irritated at people when i’m trying not to.
i don’t have a good sleep schedule either.
i sleep around 12-1am and then wake up at 7:30am for school, and then i have school from there to 3:30pm.
and then i have to keep working, but i always want to rest.
but when i rest, i can’t get off my phone and eventually that rest break turns into a couple hours, and then it’s dinner time.
after dinner, i have about half an hour and then my family and i go and eat something small, like a snack.
after that, it’s usually 9pm.
i do things really slow, so by the time i go onto my bed and try to sleep, it’s already 12am.
and it takes about an hour or 2 for me to actually sleep.
and then the entire thing repeats.
is there someone who can help me break this cycle?
i would appreciate it very much.
we are the parents of my one year old daughter.
the little one is very exhausting and doesn't give us much time for ourselves.
neither at night nor during the day.
in addition, i have a lot of social stress at work.
i also have problems with my parents.
i rarely feel happy and i am never relaxed.
since the beginning of the year, i've had the feeling that i can't get enough air and have to constantly breathe deeply.
meanwhile, a pain or lump has developed at this point in the stomach.
sometimes i have heart rhythm disorders for weeks.
sometimes a rushing noise in the ear for days.
other times it's just insomnia.
i am not depressed.
but i feel like i have to do something urgently.
i don't really believe in breathing exercises.
has anyone here experience?
advices?
if there is someone who has similar symptoms, i.e.
more physical than psychological, then please get in touch.
i am a first year teacher and, yeah, this year has been quite stressful.
stressful to the point that i don’t eat during the day, and when i get home, i eat dinner but feel sick because i didn’t eat during the day.
it seems that i have completely lost my appetite.
i’ve noticed that this has started to mess with my metabolism in a bad way.
i’ve also lost my normal menstrual cycle and am fearing the effects this could have on my hormones.
i’m going to try to pick up a light, healthy breakfast to go for my commute/morning meeting, but i’m not sure what i should be eating otherwise to keep my stomach from getting upset.
i made a joke on my snapchat account that was pretty rude and put it on my story.
i know a dumb choice.
i hoped my friends would see it and they did......... along with all the girls in my class and a much younger kid.
and it’s just my luck that when my best friend saw it his mother was looking over his shoulder and she was a teacher at my school.
i accept that i made a mistake and all but they had a staff meeting with the principal and all the teachers.
normal right.
but one of the teacher.
my teacher for the rest of the year.
yells at lot and it scares me.
i have been on holidays so i haven’t been back to school yet.
any advice for me to relax?
edit: it’s been a week because i forgot about this but i recently got a mullet and everyone was distracted by it.
the teacher forget about it😁
idk if anyone could relate or give advicei have an issue where take a while start an assignment or delay it because i’m afraid i’m doing it wrong or i will fail it .
so then i procrastinate and the assignment is dues like the next day and it’s like a ton of stress on myself.
i know it’s stupid dint judge me i guess i’m a perfectionist.
does anyone have advice?
by realizing that you can guide your attention somewhere else in your body allows you to unblock that stuck energy which then lets you feel your whole individual spirit inside of your body.
gifting you with the direct contact of your true energetic self, who resides under your skin.
think of how it's easy to feel "inner things" under your skin like stress, it's just as easy to clear and then activate an accumulation of your positive emotions.
(thanks to you controlling your thinking and attention).
here's my [youtube video]( about how to take back control of your true energetic self and not let it be reduced to bad emotions.
i've noticed that my clothes are getting baggier during my long stressful time.
does too much cortisol cause muscle loss?
because i have never experienced this at this scale.
how does stress affect your buisness/work?
i’d first like to say i’m 14 turning 15 soon.
i’m usually someone who can work under a lot of stress and it never gets to me, and now i’m here at 1 am because i have no one else to talk to.
i know a lot of people have been very stressed about corona but that never really bothered me for the most part and i don’t know why.
although the epidemic was something that did make my life harder that want what broke me.
to be honest i’d say it was about a week ago.
it was on friday i had just finished my last class for the day and was about to grab some water when i started feeling really tired, and to be honest i didn’t know why because for me i had always been a person who didn’t get tired so this feeling was new for me, but for the most part i ignored it.
day 2. i was on google classrooms going over the work i would have to do (i’m in a program called stem so we get extra work) and i saw everything and just felt really stressed like a what the fuck am i going to do type of stress.
this stress has been sticking with me for this week and has made it feel like years.
then i’d say on wednesday i had another feeling, it was loneliness and i had no fucking clue why since i always talked to friends and tried to be as social as i could.
this has led to me sleeping for around 3 - 4 hours a day and that’s where i am today.
i’m also sorry that’s this probably makes no sense it’s just because i can’t think strait anymore.
thank you for your time and letting me vent.
&amp;#x200b;[bhramari breathing from huma breath app.
](
hello everyone.
first let me say i’m aware what i’m currently going through in life is extremely stressful and unnatural and i’m aware of it.
i need help on how to deal with it.
my husband and i are going through ivf treatment, my mom is about to pass around christmas time with stage four cancer, the embryo transfer will happen around christmas and i’m fighting a battle against time trying to get pregnant before she passes.
my father in law very very recently got diagnosed with the same stage four cancer that my mother has.
so we are caretakers for two stage four cancer pts, trying to get pregnant with ivf, and of course he day to day stresses with work.
there are other things going on too but we are managing those well (a 14 year old french bulldog with aging health issues among other things).
i’m starting to show signs of “cracking”.
i can’t eat or sleep, my body aches, food tastes nasty to me, my husband and i both are starting to cry more and it’s just....a lot.
plus we are over the funeral arrangements for both my mom and my father in law.
trying to hold everyone together and ourselves has been taxing.
he’s on anxiety medication and doesn’t have to take it very often, only as needed, and recently he’s needed it a lot.
just feeling overwhelmed.
also this week we had to rush to the er with a family member at midnight and our phones seem to ring a lot recently with emergency situations.
i constantly feel exhausted and he does too.
any advice would be helpful.
thanks.
how many of y'all have had an exceptionally crappy year?
just a series of unfortunate events nonstop ?
i've always had anxiety issues and will literally not sleep or eat until a problem is at least subdued if not resolved.
yet i've also been very very adept at avoiding nonsense and misery in general.
all up until this year.
it started with covid making life a bit difficult.
we a share that issue though.
a bit later in the year a very close family member attempts suicide and that alone brought so many issues that lasted a few months.
after that episode my 8 year old cat, my best little dude ,passed away due to severe anemia, and i spent 3k of my savings trying to save him.. now i have what potentially could be a blood disorder ,if not possible (maybe future) leukemia.
family members have had that shit.. i've slept maybe 10 hours in the last 3 days.
and for the first time in years i'm terrified and also for the first time in a long time i broke down in tears for a few hours earlier wishing my cat was here.
i miss the fuck out of him.
i live by the moto "it could always be worse "but now this time it seems it probably will get worse.
this year seems to get weirder and weirder.
i had so many plans set for this year.
i wanted to get a house, take my cat out for car rides more, get a better job , get a home gym ,run more , fix my truck up , go out with friends and maybe find a woman to share my time with.
all of that snuffed out and it took my cat with it.
i'm in my late 20s and i bust my ass of for my health and wellness and now even that is under heavy threat.
i'm definitely not the only one with these issues.
i probably have it great to some of you.
it sure does seem odd that this all happens this year though as if darkness is catching up.
how are y'all doing?...
you can register at speakers include: robert phillips, ph.
d.director of the coping counselors at the center for coping @board member, aarda national board of directorsdr.
jack kabazievice chairman, department of anesthesiology and system medical director @allegheny health network division of pain medicinelilly stairsfounder &amp; principal @patient authentic llc
what's your preference?
[view poll](
hello, im on the younger side of reddit of around 14 i guess and i've been so stressful recently.
first, there was corona.
somone in my house yelled at me everytime i went outside, and it began there.
next, school was canceled and my mom started signing me up for all these classes i hated.
im still taking this math class where i sit there with a bunch of people younger than me and i dont have a clue of what i just heard after 2 hours of wasted time on stupid math.
next, my piano teacher is sooo stressful!
every week i have something one day of the week.
then, when my piano comes im not so good at is and my piano teacher shouts at me.
shes called me "lazy" twice and she says "dang gonit, come on!"
and it just builds to my stress level.
after comes my grades.
my grades are worse than last year and im just on the verge of crying every day.
before all of this one of my oldest friends started acting up and not being herself for so long.
i ended our friendship since she just leaning on me and then getting mad at me for all these little things that were not my fault.
im  just..so depressed.
so i've never posted on reddit or go much to anyone for this kind of stuff.
i'm a young female marine, i tend to take care of myself, but recently i've got some things that just kinda..gnaw at me.
here's my stressors.
-i am on on crutches currently due to multiple stress fractures in my foot.
-my mother has some severe medical problems, her favorite dog is dying right now.
she's very emotional and lives with my dad, who's a criminal at heart, he's a felon and gets in jail about twice a year.
he's also very emotionally abusive -im dealing with a very difficult mos school, the atrittion rate is about half of the class fails every time.
i won't be specific, but chemical warfare is hard.
i may get recycled due to injury.
-ever since i got on crutches, the platoon avoids me like a plague.
i can't ever call or ask anyone for help.
marines are tight knit, we're like a family, but i don't think i could depend on any of these people.
just this weekend not a single person would lend me a laptop to finish a course online so i wouldn't get dropped, but on my phone i could see all those same people on steam when they told me they were busy doing it too.
i've gotten a lot of nasty comments about my crutches, people tend to use it to put me down.
-im worries about my physical fitness if i'm gonna be out of commission so long.
we have pfts, cfts and weight requirements to adhere to.
i try to do upper body, and some other excercises, but doc tells me to take it easy, i feel like i can't.
there's a couple other childhood things i won't mention, but these are the meat and potatoes of what's going on.
if anyone has any advice, please voice it.
i'm just tired of going to my fellow marines and being told to stop worrying about it.
about 6 months ago i struggled seriously with self-esteem issues and suicidal thoughts.
i never told anyone about it and i never did anything to get over it, i just sorta ignored it.
now i don't give a fuck about anything anymore.
all i do is go to the beach and drool over the same girl i have been chasing for months.
i have no motivation or fear of punishment.
i use to be a straight a student with a 4.5 gpa.
now i have like 15 missing assignments in every class.
whenever i am punished it doesn't bother me.
i can't take anything or anyone seriously.
even when my dad hits me for missing assignments or disrespecting him, it doesn't even phase me.
i'm not scared of dying.
i'm not scared of pain.
i'm not scared of being homeless.
in the end none of it matters anyway.
is this normal?
i use to have a almost obsessive crush on a girl and now i still like her, but i don't really care what she thinks of me anymore.
i use to do everything in order to impress her and now i just don't give a single fuck.
and like i said before i don't give a fuck about school anymore.
i was the kid who would stay after class and takes only ap and college classes and now i don't give a fuck if i end up homeless and without an education.
i was a d1 baseball player and might have a shot at college, but idgaf about it anymore and i've started skipping practice for the past couple of months.
i still don't have my permit, why would i need it if my friends could drive?
my mom was screaming at me about my grades and i laughed at her.
it seemed so stupid that some one was mad at me for a grade.
i just want to have a good time.
i started smoking weed again and drinking alone.
i know that's not healthy but no one knows any different so why not.
i think i'm gonna drop out and move in with my brother and if he doesn't let me move in with him i'll just be homeless.
what the fuck am i supposed to do with myself?
what the fuck is wrong with me?
sometimes, we want to chat one-on-one with someone and vent our stress.
if anybody out there is in need of some assistance, i'm a listener and can arrange a time to chat with you, so that you can speak your mind freely.
while i am not qualified to give advice, i can work to help you feel supported.
the class i am taking is taking everything out of me.
i am only 18 but i've taken college classes before.
this is not my first semester.
i know how to study.
i know what kind of learner i am.
this isn't my first rodeo.
this class is 10 credit hours and mandatory as part of my degree/program.
the 10 credit hours doesn't scare me either.
two of the classes i've already taken have been 10 credit hours.
but this class, it takes everything out of me.
my instructor is the world's greatest dick, totally uncaring, inflexible, and rambles about nonsense all the time.
he is a stereo typical manly man and very self centered and egotistical.
surprisingly so considering the feild that this class is for.he says there are no dumb questions but will often make you feel bad and really dumb for asking a question.
on the rare instance he doesn't gaslight you, he rambles and doesn't really answer the question and leaves you more confused then you were in the start.
very, very, verrrryyyy rarely has he ever answered a question properly.
he expects you to already be an expert in an entry level class.
the fact that we are living through covid and do most of our classes online doesn't help either.
i am not an online learner.
i've spoken with other people in the class and it is mutual that everyone is struggling and they all hate the man.
i've spoken to many professionals in the field.
they all agree and empathize with me.
i even had one person told me that my instructor "doesn't know what the hell he's doing when it comes to teaching".
i know part of the blame lies on me.
but i went from a straight a student to getting cs on all my tests.
cs get degrees but in my class i need a b or higher to pass.
everytime i log on to lecture or go to class i end up crying at some point.
i cry atleast 4 times a week.
i cant drop the class because my family paid for it and are really proud of me.
i cant waste their money.
we dont have the money to waste.
i feel terrible.
my parents never went to school so they don't understand how hard it is either.
i feel so alone.
i have no time to do anything but homework and go to work.
i have no outlet and am not allotted one.
i can't see my friends, my girlfriend, my family.
anyone out side of my coworkers, customers, my parents, and my instructor.
even if i had the time covid does not allow it.
i just got home from class and i am getting a massive migrain (comeing back from the one last night).
i went to take my migraine medications and in doing so the water bottle sprayed all over me prompting me to go into my room and ball my eyes out.
i have no doubt this class will prepare me for my career.
but it will do so in the way that getting stabbed in the face prepares you for a punch in the gut.
i can not leave this situation.
i have to finish out this class.
i have no choice but to take this class.
i have no idea what to or how to handle all this stress.
i am open to all suggestions; study tips, time management,  stress management, anything.
i have a 500 word essay due by midnight tonight.
wish me luck, guys.
((edited for clarity and a bit of grammar))
alright so i am a 17 year old male, and currently a senior in high school, and as of recently (since the start of school) i’ve been putting myself under immense pressure to do the best that i can in school even though in the previous 2 years i didn’t try that hard and because of that have a low gpa, but i decided to try this year, very, very hard (i at times even stay up until 3am doing homework and studying) but i’ve come to kind of realize something, and this came to a head as of yesterday, now i must firstly say beforehand that i have never really had much self confidence or self esteem, despite the fact that i do like to be outgoing and positive, any negative experience i have tends to have it’s emotions bottled up, and during times of stress, the bottle opens, especially when referring to school, i tend to think during times of stress that i am a complete dumbass (i kind of think this about myself all the time but when stressed i take it much more literal) and i doubt my self worth.
at times when under this stress i commit to self harm or lash out,  when i do lash out though, it is always directed at myself or inanimate objects in front of me, i can’t even remember the last time i lashed out at someone else apart from myself, this is partly due to the fact i 1. blame myself first and 2. subconsciously know even when in a state of stress and anger, that living things have emotions and feelings, and even subconsciously it would hurt me emotionally to ever hurt someone out of my own anger.
and i’m at least thankful for this, i never want to end up hurting people out of my own anger, but the reason i’m writing this is because i often hurt myself and break stuff when i lash out, usually when doing it against myself i just punch myself in the forehead repeatedly as hard as i can, or when at objects i just punch whatever is in front of me, and this is kinda the problem because last night i broke my chromebooks lcd when i got stressed out about the act, so now i’m going to have to pay the repairs for that.
after processing all of this, i’ve decided i need some type of help, i’ve tried to help myself before when it comes down to how i feel about myself but like i said, it kinda just bottles up and gets released when i’m stressed, and even if i can’t fix that, i want to at least stop hurting myself and potentially breaking stuff whenever i do break down from stress, i don’t want to fuck up like this again, even if it was just a chromebook screen i’m worried about how my self control will be down the line, i currently have a girlfriend and have told her about my emotions, but she doesn’t know about me harming myself or punching stuff in front of me when i’m stressed, i’ve been afraid to tell her honestly, i love her and wouldn’t ever want to hurt her, but i’m afraid that if she knew i’ve broken stuff and hurt myself out of anger an stress that she might become afraid of me.
i just want to be able to control myself, i don’t want to hurt myself anymore but everytime i’m stressed and shit i just can’t help but see myself as the problem, i have a fuck ton of evidence to back myself up with it too so that doesn’t really help with when i do breakdown too.
idk i just want to be able to control myself so at least the next time i inevitably breakdown i don’t break something in the processtl:dr, i have a lot of bottled up self doubt and low self esteem, and when i’m stressed it gets released and i punch myself or whatever is in front of me and i broke the school chromebook yesterday, i want to learn how to control myself because i don’t want to potentially ruin the relationship i am in by breaking something and even though i would never want to hurt someone from my own anger, i don’t want for her to be afraid of me and think i am dangerous and unstable when i’m stressed out, also don’t wanna accidentally say break a work desktop in the future because of my stress
so yeah, i've been stressed out the last couple of months from weed addiction, moving, police interverence, and my college just sucking from a students point of view, and having to pay a fine of €20.000 or more without a job and an income of 80 a month.
sorry for spelling, i'm from the netherlands.
i'm 19, male, and still live with my parents, but we dicided to move to the nebours house.
it's my first time moving, and i'm a very sentimental person, and i just get fucking stressed out from packing my hart and soul away.
i cry almost daily, while i know it's better to move.
i just can't seem to let go or just do things without emotion.
i am the only child in the whole family, so all my family members keep an hawk eye on me.
pitching ideas for my room, wanting my opinion on thing i don't know shit about.
i'm just the center of attention everytime family comes over and i just don't need that right now man.
same thing with my parents, always on my lip with school and just life.
the have a really curious nature and if i say i don't want to talk about it they just ram thrue (with words ;) ).
my mum is a teacher, and acts like she knows everything about my college, but it's a really bad one, so much lessons just got discontinued, my daily commute is about 2 hours from door to door, so i just wasted 4 hours ofmy day to public transport if that happens.
the lessons are shit, and the class asked multiple times for more challenge, but they say that we need to come up with things.
i get that, teachers don't live for school, but the dont give us terms or conditions to choose or know what's out of limits, and everything time we present something it just wiped of the table.
deadlines are not communicated, i had a "test-week" and i had to mail all my teachers for info, some twice, to get the dates and the pages to learn for the tests.
it's just exhausting to go after school like that.
and to add to this, i've been struggling with weed addiction for about a year, and made some progress.
i went to a rehab clinic and became sober for about 3 months now.
but my girlfriend of 2 years still smokes, daily.
i got used to it, but i just want to light a joint so badly with all this stress.
but if i do, i just disappoint everybody, and need to start from scratch.
i just think about getting weed almost daily, but i don't.
but just getting confronted with it is sometimes just to much.
i just let her do her thing, and distance myself when she goes out to light a j, but the thought lingers in my mind you know?
and when i just got clean, i went on a vacation with my parents.
it was just trigger free, and a nice kind of reset.
but when i got back, i hung out with some friends who smoked.
the idea of them getting under the influence, and not me just stressed me out.
so when i was going back home, i just was so frustrated, that i keys cars on my way back.
i was just in a mindset of "nothing matters, just doing what feels best".
when i got home i just got hit with a wave of regret and broke down crying, and called my gf.
she said "just wake up your parents, and talk to them.
i'm not there with you, and they are."
so the next they i had a talk with my parents and dicided to report myself, and i did.
i've never been in contact with the police and just was fucking stressed.
fast forward: i need to pay all the damage that i did to the cars, which is about €20.000.
i live from €80 a month, and got fired from my job because of covid, so idk where i am going to get the money.
im just affraid of what is going to happen next.
i don't want other people to pay for me, that makes it there problem as well.
and i'm trying to fix things with insurance, but they don't cover this kind of thing.
moving, addiction, money problems are things i've never experienced before.
(not counting covid) all kind of emotions are hitting me, and i don't know wich come from where.
normally i do, and i'm a very emotional person, but organised when it comes to mindspace.
i know where my feelings come from, and know how to handle mental situations.
but now i'm just lost.
hi, i (m36) am currently in a long distance relationship.
i love this woman but she has a severe drinking problem that she is trying to keep secret from me.
the reason i know this is because her roommate has secretly been feeding me information about this.
the fact that i know someone who i love is outright lying to me makes me extremely anxious.
so much to the fact that i was forced to take medication to relieve my anxiety.
my question is do i end the relationship with the woman i love to save my health.
ending the relationship require me i to throw the roommate under the bus because how else would she know i have this information.
3 lives would be effected if i did this.
i would feel the worst about betraying the roommate who i know he doesn’t have many friends.
this action would surely end their relationship.
please help this is killing me.
the anxiety is killing my as i am writing this.
😢 .
no lie it brings me to tears.
so i'm 12 and i have attempted suicide and ran away.
i can't handle all this school work 😭 😞 it's so fucking stressful and juice wrld has helped but i keep listening to the same things so it does less and less.
and i've tried talking to girls as a way to cope but no girls nice enough kind enough uplifting enough all of them just stress me out put me down make me more depressed than i already am and i just feel like there's no nothing for me to do i feel like i've done so much already i've tried focusing on school for a whole week i quit second day and it just too much i can't focus i have too much in my head i've tried listening to juice world it helped so much for the past five months and now it's time to listen almost every song of him and it just doesn't do much anymore of this next exercise already like all of those rappers talk about stress and suicide and just bring things to the surface aren't alive anymore the ones that already don't produce the same type of music and don't give me the same type of relief when i listen to it and i just feel like i can't handle things anymore and i've ran away two weeks ago and i just want to kill myself i can't handle anything i guess this is just kind of a rant i don't know what you guys could say to help me like i don't know i just give up, i give up.
anyone else struggle to eat when stressed?
i’m one of those people.
even the thought of food can make me nauseous if i’m really stressed, trying to make myself eat it can often result in puking.
i’ve been on extremely high stress the last few days and i am hardcore struggling to get food down.
does anyone else have this issue?
how do you manage it?
i’m fine with fluids, just actual food is the problem.
i don't really want to tell a story, but how can i destress?
i've been locked in my home for three days now because my job put me in quarantine.
i can't go anywhere; they were particular on that point, so like, a walk is out of the question.
however, i can't seem to do anything.
like i'm always like, "i have more important things i could be doing," but i don't!
it is very frustrating.
im currently under alot of stress.
i dont know what to do in life anymore and im 24 years old.
i was diagnosed with schizophrenia earlier this year.
medication relieves alot of the symptoms but now im left with severe stress and anxiety.
i just dont stop thinking of the worst situations and what everyones going to think of me if i made certain choices.
alot of these thoughts stress me out really bad and it feels like meditation doesnt work as well as i would want it to be.
i was thinking of taking up ciggarettes again luckily i spoke to my family about it.
stopped me for the mean time.
ciggarettes would be nice.
anyone thats my rant and just writting this down has helped me.
any responses will be much appreciated.
thank you
just thought about it if a couple lives together during when they get covid and one starts to feels better and recover he or she can get it again bc their partner is now sick ?
do i make sense ?
everytime i am not working, everytime i don't understand something in class i feel like shit, everytime i expect to do bad and yet i still managed to have success in everything school ralated so far (second year hnd).
emotions are controlling my life, when i am motivated about something i am going to work on it and it's great but most of the time it's just fear, i fear beeing a failure.
i feel like i could be way more successfull than i am in everything i do.
just wanted to say this to someone, i am just looking to improve my stress managment and just to clarify i am ok, stress managment is propably the only big problem i have.
when this is resolved i am going to have unlimited power, i can be so smart sometimes when my emotions aren't fucking with me.
a healthy 44yo math teacher forgot how to write the number 4 on paper a month ago.
no drugs, no alcohol.
too much coffee, some sleep deprivation.
she memorized hand movements to replicate the first number 4 she saw, which is different from her original 4. she decided to stick with the new 4 as it was easier to replicate than her original 4 (she also created hand movements for it).
alzheimer's and stroke came to mind, but she'll wait for a new issue to see a doctor, as she hopes it could be caused by stress.
anyone with similar issues?
she still cannot write the number 4 normally and she has been under great stress for a couple of years.
last year, for three months (stopped suddenly), as soon as she opened her eyes in the morning, she couldn't remember where she was (at home) and who she was (it lasted from seconds to a minute or 2, every day).
she talked about it with only two people.
i've had a semi-idle mind for so long that i became lazy when it came to using positive affirmations.
everytime i was being reminded of the importance of my mind and how powerful my thoughts are it kinda lit a spark of inspiration to do better.
but after a couple of hours of consciously using my thoughts i always went back to being idle and going along with whatever my being came in contact with.
yesterday i took full control of my mind and for every 0.1 second that keeps on coming i've been blasting my inner beings with positive thoughts and reflections nonstop and it got me so fired up i've been having constant goosebumps with this lovely comforting energy, my eyes just keep watering my palms which were before really dry are now sweaty for the first time in my life!
i can feel heat emitting from my hands it's so amazing!
i made this [youtube video]( about this please check it out when you have time.
so i'm(21) staying in my work due to pandemic, we're not allowed to go home because our company is afraid if we get covid-19.
our house is very near in my office, it's like 15 or 20 minutes drive.
i miss my boyfriend, pets and my family.
i feel that i have a lot of responsibility in this age, like we're building my boyfriend's house because he said that will be our house in the future but before i gave the money we talk that we will  build that as apartment so we will get money from that, i also have responsibility that we will build my parent's house (in the future my brother's house).
and i always made mistake in my work by the way i'm online casino dealer.
so, that is one of my stress.
we're also not allowed to go outside,to order delivery food, to visit each other's room or to have visitor.
i tried to talk to my boyfriend some of my problem,but all he said is i'm negative person.
so i don't want to talk to him my another problem.
i dont know if i have depression or anxiety but i feel that my heart will explode if i dont have anyone to talk.
now i'm crying and scream that why this happen to me.
hey guys i have been dealing with stress for a long time , now i'm completely out of it my life is great i can share my experience and what i've done to recover from it, go and chat me we'll work it out .
i am a freshman in hs, from a smaller school that had four classrooms and now i've been blown into high school and have somewhat collected myself there.
but you may be asking (but probably aren't)why are you posting in a stress subreddit then?
 it's because of my siblings and my massive family.
i'm a very quiet guy and i hate loudness and talking and arguing and all that fun stuff, but i can't get away from my 8 siblings (one twin) who berate me and bully me around all day and never listen.
i managed to get my own room, but am usually not up there because my parents think i'm smoking weed or whatever idk.
but anyway i ask people to be quiet and they just keep screaming their asses off.
i try to avoid arguing but then get beat up by my twin brother because he wants to take a picture of me and i don't want him to.
i also tick when i get mad or stressed or sad now and everybody just laughs at me because it's hilarious.
how can i calm down or put my stress to use?
i'm sorry if i sound like a fake depressed kid right now or whatever too.
tl;dr my family stresses me out more than my school because they are very loud and i now tick because of it.
basically there’s a lot going on in my life right now but the tipping point just happened.
so my gf and i have been dating for about seven months and known each other a year, i love her so so much and she means so much to me, she’s one of, if not the, most important person in my life.
so the problem is this- she’s severely immunocompromised.
because of this corona has been a stressful time.
it’s been stable lately because corona is slowly getting better but her family decided that this was the perfect time to go on a vacation (their judgement is terrible).
now, two days after they got back, her brother is showing symptoms.
i know that her doctors basically say that if she gets it her chances of dying are higher than her chances of living.
i’m so so so so so scared of losing her.
she’s done so much for me in the last year and has always been there, we’ve been talking basically twelve hours a day every day for a year.
i don’t get attached to very many people i’m really not a people person and i’m so so scared that i’m about to lose one of the only people on earth that i actually truly care aboutdoes anyone know how to like help me manage thisedit: thanks everyone it’s been a few days and i’m doing better
currently going through my national exams and i’ve never felt more stress.
i’m in both physical and mental pain , suffering aching headaches lately that makes my study time difficult.
i hope that through wishes and support from reddit users , it will boost my serotonin so it could reduce my headaches and stress.
suicide is ranked a leading cause of death in america.
our goal is to analyze the trajectory of mental health over the last several months.
please consider taking 15 minutes to participate in this anonymous study for the chance to win a $15 amazon gift card!
 your responses will help us better create treatments.
this study has been approved by the irb at the icahn school of medicine at mount sinai in new york.
[tw: questions regarding suicide
hard for me to string full sentences together out loud.
i know what is  i want to say, and i often spend the time mentally planning out my  sentence structure in my head – however, when i do eventually speak,  it’s a mess.
this happens to me alot, and when i think too hard, my stomach gets upset and i can hear gurgling of acidic stomach.
what causes this?

when i was younger i made some mistakes that included my phone.
now my parents go on my old phone, look at my history, its creepy.
my mom ''helps'' me with homework by taking my phone and searching up the anwsers when her phone is right there.
it gives me stress bc i feel like somethings gonna pop up that i didnt know was bad, and then the cycle begins again.
my hobbies used to make me feel better, peaceful, and feel like i have done something great for the day.
but it has changed, when i dont do my hobbies for a few weeks, i start to feel stressed and anxious.
i can't think of anything else, i can't concentrate, and i try to stay away from things that might remind me of my hobbies as if it's some kind of trauma.
i'm wondering if there's someone out there like me, that's why i'm posting this.
but it would be great if you'd give me some advice as well.
that is all.
hey guys, its my first time posting here on reddit but i really need some advice.
i've been working as a fulltime caregiver in a senior living facility for the past three months and it has got to be one of the most toxic work environments i have ever been in.
there is so much drama, arguments and everyone is always reporting eachother and talking behind eachothers backs.
i don't know why, but thats just how it is.
this along with the fact that i have online classes everyday has caused me to become so stressed and anxious, that i have constant terrible migraines.
it has started to interfere with my school work and relationships and i can't keep up with it all.
it just feels like everything is crashing down and i'm just messing up at every aspect of my life.
i find myself having crying spells and loss of interest in the things i used to love.
i sleep like 2 hours a day.
its so bad that i started having random thoughts about suicide... i know i can't keep going like this.
i made the unwise decision to just not go to work today.
i couldn't sleep, and i couldn't bring myself to get out of bed.
they're calling and calling, but i really do not want to answer.
i know i have to at some point and i will, i just don't know what to say.
i really, really do not want to go to work at all.
i have two midterms and an essay due very soon and i am trying to focus on that instead.
if i go back to work, i know i'll fail my classes.
what should i say?
can i just quit on the spot?
my mom is literally laughing at me im super stressed rn and i failed on my math test.
shes yelling.
and then she proceeds to laugh at me.
i hate it here.
i don't know what sub is best for this, so apologies if this is a it outside the lines.
my work is pushing me to the edge, where i'm stressed at all times, where i can't get my work done and so become more stressed.
i have started having a lot of problems with memory loss, losing my train of thought mid-sentence, and lightheaded/dizzy spells.
i've voiced concerns about the causes here to the appropriate people in my department, but by all appearances my employer is continuing to implement policies that are likely to make this stuff worse rather than better, at least for me.
i feel like my job is posing a real danger to my mental health, but i can't afford to leave it, especially because my expertise is extremely niche and thus getting another job (at least one without a bigger pay cut than i can afford) is not a readily available option.
i feel trapped and don't know how to manage this stress.
it's never been this bad.
another morning of waking up drenched, and out of breath.
i think it's so invasive to a peaceful life.
if i could go to sleep and not dream, oh what a beautiful thought.
its the little things that piss me off, recently.
usually i can shrug things off, just say hey thats life, or take bullshit eith a grain of salt and just dredge through it.
but not lately, lately i have even blown up at people and yesterday i called a new guy a pathetic piece of shit, and went on to berate him for not getting the most simple concepts that have been repeated and taught multiple ways.... im spent and this frayed roap snapped.. so im reaching out, what should i do and how should i manage this.
hi!
i've read about how head massages are shown to reduce stress (and also improve quality of sleep), but giving myself a head massage isn't really the same, especially if i want to use it to reduce stress so i can fall asleep.
head massaging helmets on the market look very rigid and loud, so it doesn't seem possible to wear them to bed.
the spider-shaped head massagers are really soothing but only while i'm using it.
does anyone know of any calming/stress-relieving head massage devices, or would you find a gentle head massaging device useful?
 it would be soft, silent, and gentle so you can fall asleep with it on.
(i'm an engineering student thinking of making such a device since i can't find anything like it.
i'd love to hear your perspective, thanks in advance!)
in the contemporary world, to be excellent, we have to change, change continually and be able to change quickly.
it isn’t enough just to endure.
because external circumstances have shifted so much in recent decades, we may have seen many organizations try to change – and fail.
most organisations are not designed to change, but to maintain existing routines.
guiding change is hard.
even as we try to predict and plan for the future, weare also under pressure to maintain current operations and achievements - [
so i'm really self conscious about my body and i know i'm fat and everytime i bring it up to my bf he gets mad and yells stuff like no youre not fuck off and him getting mad doesnt make me feel any better.
about it i kno he cares but yea...
aarrrrggghhh.
had a night of stress last night, all night as i over-worried about today.
my 83 year old father lives by himself and it's  not easy being on this end.
he has a life alert and he has alexa set up that he can call 911 from it.
however, i called him 6 times last night on his stupid cell phone, not a call returned and we talk everyday.
he lives a mile away but i didn't want to go rushing down there, i was probably overreacting.
i didn't manage my thoughts very well last night.
i had every scenario going in my head.
every time i think i got anxiety beat, it beats me.
it all turned out well when i called him at 7:15 in the morning and he answered.
i said "alright, you're alright, go back to sleep."
he was at a friend's, left his phone in the freaking car and that's why he didn't answer.
we now have a deal that he will text me if he thinks i'm asleep to tell me he saw my missed call.
my body is slowly recovering from the adrenaline fatigue and it will be a better day than i thought.
i guess this is just life but man, it's not easy eh?
remember when you saw the sun for the first time?
imagine waking up every day looking at it like it was the first time youve ever seen it!
you would definitely notice the pure love in it, it's comfortable heat energy and how it's truly an amazing creation by god.
i made a [youtube video]( to help us further think like that and invite this massive positive energy that's been blocked from us.
check it out and let me know your opinion!
with the rise of high speed internet, and instagram, and porn sites, instant gratification is literally just a tap away.
i found it really astonishing that a simple graph can explain so much.
what really stood out to me from the graph was that for every action that you take today, there is always an equal and opposite reaction and whether its positive or negative, that reaction is delayed by time.
i share my thoughts on this graph here: [we need to be mindful of the type of habits that we choose follow, because whether those habits are good or bad, their effects are delayed and will begin to compound over time.
 so i have read books on anxiety and worries and also read about it online trying to find solutions.
here i have presented what i feel about these three things.
i am not a medical expert but here i am just sharing my views.
if it helps anyone i would be happy.
first we need to understand this stress anxiety and worry.
stress and worry are not always bad.
for eg, if you are stressed at the right level about your exams you may actually study more than you may have studied if you were not stressed out.
remember the one night stands before exams that students sometimes do to pass school exams (cramming like this does not work in the long run).
same goes for worry, worry in the right amount will make you prepare well for the situation you are worried about.
for eg, if you are going on a camping trip and you are just worried at the right level about your preparation, you will make sure you prepared well.
but if you get excessively worried, which is exactly what according to me is anxiety, unnecessary worry, you may end up cancelling the plan altogether.
so the aim should not be to avoid stress or worry completely but to manage it well and keep it under a certain level so that it does not become excessive.
how do you know that you are having excess worry or anxiety(excess worry)?
it is simple enough, when you do not perform any action, and instead waste time in overthinking, you are over stressed and anxious.
the right level of stress and worry never stops from performing a task or action towards the thing that is worrying us or stressing us.
but if we are over stressed or excessively worrying, we get stuck in the thinking loop and never get to action.
so we need tools with ourselves in order to fight this excess stress and anxiety.
there are two types of tools we can use for it, first are the one that will make us less susceptible from going towards excess stress and anxiety in general.
these include exercise/yoga and mindfulness.
for people who cannot perform exercise they can go for meditation or other things like guided imagery.
these are the tools that we need to do everyday.
their benefit will build up over time and to maintain that we need to keep up with these tools no matter what.
second type of tools we need include the ones which we will use when we feel that we are under excess stress or anxiety.
first thing to be done in these cases is belly breathing deep and slow breadths for as long as we feel comfortable.
then we need to write down or type the worry or the stressor.
and instead of thinking in loops in our head we have to write or type whatever we think about it.
writing is literally very therapeutic in these cases because what happens that sometimes a small issue becomes so big in our head that we do not realise how small it is.
so to avoid that, it is better to materialise it in the form of text.
that i can say from my experience will also prevent the thought looping in the head.
other than this, in order to manage worry well in general, i have created a very good system.
whenever you get a worry, see if it is related to present, if it is, deal with it right now in the normal way, and if it gets excess, you know what to do.
if it is not and can be delayed, simply keep a list where you add it, that list can be a list on phone or handwritten.
it simply will give your brain the satisfaction that this worry will be taken care of later for sure so right now it can focus on important things.
then look at that list in the evening and again think whether you can delay the worries in it, the ones you cannot delay just handle them right now and the ones that can be delayed, just delay them and look back at them on sunday morning.
sometimes what happens is that you look at that worry on sunday and you would feel like "eh, this is not a worry at all for me now."
that are good for fighting one or both?
basically i find myself getting highly stressed after having a small thing happen.
i looked online and all i saw were things like “more sleep” and “eat healthier”.
but for me this is more of an emotion thing as i simply cant control my stress.
if anyone has any tips that would be really helpful.
i’ve noticed for the past 8 months or so that i am rapidly aging.
i’ve aged significantly, since than.
it looks like i lost volume in my face  and a lot of wrinkles is this normal?
ive been very stressed
 where should i look for health/medical knowledge i can trust?
&amp;#x200b;i'm looking for knowledge about: nutrition bodybuilding stress medical conditions tension headaches physiotherapy knowledgeshould i trust webmd?
healthline?
government websites?
mayo clinic?
please also mention why i should be able to trust some more than others!
hello , for past few months i have been experiencing weird sensations like whenever i  try to read or focus on something i feel dizzy my head starts spinning and hurting i feel pain in my eyes and pressure in temple, my neck feels stiff i also sometimes feel as if i have something around my head like a plastic covering first i thought it's because of my spectacles so i got my eyes checked twice and even got new spectacles but i'm still experiencing same things this happens only when i put on my specs and try to work but as soon as i remove my spectacles and relax i'm good again what should i do which doctor should i visit i'm confused, is it stress or am i going insane ?
what i realized that a lot of guys they have what's called nice guy syndrome , they're always nice and low profile they don't stand up for themselves in any situation and what's happening to their psychology while they're in that state is a lot of repression / suppression that's why suddenly they have the breakdowns and destroy everything around them .. also the coz of all that is they have an unconscious sense of shame and self hate they feel lost and blocked .. if you feel like you suffer from that guy's set within yourself and try to get honest  .. if you wanna go deep guys on that's topic chat me .. peace ;)
recently i found myself having a sensation of tightness in my chest and throat (globus sensation).
it’s been around for about 2 weeks now (no, it’s not covid) and it’s super uncomfortable.
the only relief i get is sleep.
i don’t have as many anxious thoughts like i used to but i am under a lot of stress with work.
there is nothing i actively dislike about my job; it’s just that there’s a lot to do at the moment and it probably won’t let up for another few weeks.
i’d happily work through it except i can’t go one minute without feeling like i need to inhale very deeply because of this horrible sensation in my throat and chest.
i was on 10 mg of citalopram until recently (which helped me out of a really bad patch) and i’ve upped to 20 mg on the advice of my gp.
waiting for it to kick in.
i have also been taking 100 mg of l-theanine twice a day in the morning and at night.
i take 600mg of ksm-66 ashwaganda at night too.
i also have tried diazepam on occasion (i‘m wary of its addictive properties so i don’t take it regularly and am not comfortable with taking more than 4mg in a day) but this sensation is not going away.
beta blockers make me incredibly tired - i’ll happily try it on a weekend but for work days it’s not going to be great.
does anyone know any way that i can get some relief from this?
i don’t exactly know what i’m anxious about so i can’t actually change my thought patterns.
the work stress is probably one of the causes but there’s nothing i can do about it at this moment and i just wish that it didn’t manifest itself in this horrible physical way.
backstory - i definitely have issues with anxiety and have done for pretty much my whole life.
had a really bad period between april and june but through counselling and changing my medication, my thought patterns have definitely got on better.
i also changed jobs which has been a massive help.
im stressed and that causes more hair shedding.
simply, what can i do?!
it's hard not to stress about hair when you see it every day, falling.
not too much, maybe ~200 per day.
and, im a nurse so i have to tie up my hair every day for work, i guess that's causing xtra shedding too.
i just don't wanna lose my hair :c
this a post for you to comment your stress and if you need advice dont be stressed about asking for it but if you just needed to rant thats also fine and to get started i'll comment something thats stressing me out and making me sad
as described i am going through the worst disappointment of my life.
a woman gave a witten complaint to hr that one of the partners basically just did everything to her but pull his dick out.
he also did the same to numerous other women.
it’s covered up.
i was told to relax.
everyone knows.
nobody is outraged.
my fellow “feminist” colleague won’t even acknowledge it.
the worst isn’t men perpetuating.
it’s women approving of the actions and siding with men.
i’m so fucked from this lately that i am barely functioning.
i’m not eating or sleeping.
i haven’t slept unmedicated in months.
if i don’t take meds i am up til 5-6 without fail.
directly caused by this.
oh their solution?
yea they just moved his office next to mine.
i hold pee in so i don’t have to go outside my door.
i’m going to be quitting obviously in a few months and this will be fully disclosed to the stakeholders as to why.
but my god.
what the fuck.
how’s this real life.
fuck.
i had a few very stressful weeks.. now that this anxiety is gone i started to sleep poorly the last few nights.. how is that possible or what’s the logic of this ?
what did you do to reverse the damages to find a calm and clear path again?
if you're feeling low or is unable to cope with stress, use this simple technique to overcome [\#worry]( and [\#stress]( less than 5 minutes watch time needed.
like, share, comment your strategy and subscribe for more tips like this!
[\#anxiety]( [\#depression]([
hey guys i wanna share some insights about this topic since i was a victim of stress for a long time .. what i found out that my health and psychology got very bad coz stress affects  immune system / the brain cells interaction / the way we see ourselves becomes very dark and we're always waiting for the bad things to happend .. i start working on myself for a long time beginning with my past traumas / repressed emotions / diet .. now i feel much better and i wanna share my years of experience / knowledge feel free to contact me on chat for help .. good day :)
i can't find work for my college education and it causes me stress.
what can i do?
tensions in head and neck.
i take antidepressants and work on sleep hygiene.
i know lots suffer from this.
maybe i need a massage.
hi!
i am a college student (f 20) and premed.
i am at a competitive college and doing reasonably well academically.
my issue is dealing with stress when it comes to workload.
when i have too many tasks to do, too many assignments or studying to get done, i feel very overwhelmed and very stressed and upset and sad.
i am just 20 and life is easy for me honestly, so i feel very irritated at myself for stressing out to much.
when i stress, its difficult for me to work as well, i just want to lay in bed and vanish from the world for the whole day.
i just want to be one of those chill, happy, carefree people.
the kind of people who can just do all their work but without being so overwhelmed and feeling hopeless.
honestly, i am capable and always get things done and keep a good record.
so, why do i always feel so hopeless and behind?
i just hate feeling stressed.
i know in the back of mind i don't need to stress, and if i didn't, i could just do my work.
i am not depressed btw.
so, any tips?
thanks a lot
i’ve recently been sleep walking every once in a blue moon i work a very stressful construction job i’m a 23 year old male and every time i sleep walk i’m “working” saying i have to get such thing done for work my family tells meis this due to my stress of my current job?
and if there’s any remedy or tips anybody could give me as to why this is happening i’d greatly appreciate it
even though as the years went by stress and anxiety became the norm for everyone i refused to think that it was something that i just had to live with.
check out my [youtube video]( if you too want to take back the power that you definitely have to fight against these tiring emotions.
sorry ahead of time for the rambling on, theres alot on my mind and its hard to put in words.
&amp;#x200b;i am a 18yo male, i recently graduated high school.
i am searching for my path in life but cant seem to find it, throughout highschool i had 2 or 3 jobs (part time gas station/ restaurant jobs) that i actually did not hate.
after graduation i got a job working for a home building company making about 19/hr doesnt sound bad until you are the one working the 50hr weeks lifting 250lb walls for 10 hours a day.
i just walked out on that job 3 days ago, i couldnt take it anymore.
that job wouldve allowed me to move out of my parents home but it was way too much work for not enough money, heaven forbid i have a kid or something and i wouldnt be able to afford bills and be able to care for the child at the same time.
so that job wasnt an option and the typical minimum wage 9 to 5 isnt an option.
im scared of going to college because of how poorly i did in highschool, and the cost of it.
i researched gunsmithing trade schools however it seems like you can only get jobs that pay less than 20/hr and its hard factory work.
im good at building computers but theres no job just for building computers.
guns and computers are the only thing im good at really.
i thought about working somewhere simple and then opening a liqour store when im 21, but it turns out that its extremely costly and difficult to get the proper licensing for that.
&amp;#x200b;basically im asking is there any way i can start my own buisiness (preferably firearms, or computers) that wont cost an arm and a leg to start up, or if theres any jobs that pay well and dont make you want to die.
hey guys let's share all your most painful symptoms that stress cause when you're interacting with people .. i believe all people with high stress levels tend to face a lot of negative emotions after the symptoms show's in front of others ..
hi!
desperate for some stress management techniques in the workplace.
i am an executive and every time i have a executive management meeting i am so nervous, i experience physical signs of throwing up even when i have everything prepared and ready to go.
has anyone been able to find ways of managing physical signs of stress that is not taking a xanax?
how do other executives out there manage the pressure?
would love any tips on the topic
 hello everyone!
my  name is chris and i am a licensed massage therapist and also currently  working towards my degree for medical coding.
i bring this up because  they are both related to the medical field.
i personally have had a lot of stress.
i am not a doctor or a nurse, but there are many studies that  show if you work out it helps lessen the negative impact of stress.
if  you are interested in an outlet for your stress while also losing some weight and getting in better shape.
let me know and i will be more than happy to help you with  accountability and exercise.
i am a virtual wellness coach and would love to help those in need.
send me a message for details.
thank you,chris
my spouse is currently dealing with paranoid delusions and i’ve been doing tons of diagnostic research, calling medical centers and psychiatrists, trying to get him to talk about his symptoms, etc.
i’m a full time student so i also have a lot of assignments due this week but i can’t concentrate on anything.
i’m stressed out of my mind and i can seem to calm down.
how can i get it together long enough to pay attention to lectures, study, and do my work?
hi guys, just want to ask for some tips how can i manage my stress.
i worry about everything, and it affects my life.
i constantly having headache for stressing about something that is so trivial.
like for example, my coworker didn’t reply back to my message.
i stressed over it for many hours.
and now, i am stressing because of how i am so stressful huhu.
i tried distracting myself like watching videos or listening to music, but i end up stressing again.
huhu does anyone have some tips to share?
i would truly be grateful.
thank you.
can stress cause this feeling like i’m about to cum and then this feeling goes away but later i eventually finish ..?
suicide is ranked a leading cause of death in america.
our goal is to analyze the trajectory of mental health over the last 6 months.
since september is suicide prevention awareness month, please consider taking 15 minutes to participate in this anonymous study so that we can better create treatments for those suffering.
this study has been approved by the irb at the icahn school of medicine at mount sinai in new york.
[tw: questions regarding suicide
hey guys,i’m active duty and i love my job.
i have daily stressors that really aren’t so bad, because when things come up during work hours i can handle them right then and there.
however, as soon as i get home or it’s the weekend, i can’t stop overthinking.
i’ll think about that email i should have sent but forgot to; or about how i’m going to explain something to my boss tomorrow because he was out today; etc.
when i think of these types of stressors, i overthink to a point where my wife even starts commenting because i’ll get really quiet and concentrated when we watch tv or we’re doing something.
it’s getting unbearable, and i know it’s not because i’m active duty; it’s because i’ve always been a general over-thinker.
what is some good advice to keep my mind from ruining my time off with work related thoughts?
hey, i've been so stressful with the things going on in my life ( finishing highschool, college exam, pandemic process etc. )
actually it's mostly about my exam because in my country it's hard to find a valuable job without college our economy is going worse day by day so i think i must do it.
and in turkey it's also so stressful in these times for people because all the thing is depended on a single exam we do end of the year ( literally a single one day test we take ).
whether thinking about it or life i find myself always being sad because of a certain thing and i can't remember all of them in one tho.
i feel like i'm not growing or i didn't grew at all i'm shorter than my coevals.
my penis size is embarrassingly small.
and in this young age i have a visually  perceivable hair loss.
i don't know.
tonight i'm sad with my hairs and that's why i decided to write.
and i don't know what you people can help with but.
i just feel sad and shitty.
maybe hair can be cured but i don't know anything about it tho.
they started falling when i grew em longer than usually i use, and when i cutted them again they just didn't stop to.
now when i look into mirror and see baldy parts i hate my life.
and i know this stress just makes everything worse but i want to have a normal penis, a not falling hair ( at least at my fucking 17th year ) and a nice college life but it seems i'm far far away from all of these.
also i'm fat and i want to exercise and shit but first i need to get start from somewhere with studying and then i think i can make all of these with an order.
in the end it still seems like i can't do anything with the other 2 things.
i don't know if it's the right place to write this down but i think i'm depressed since my 7th grade because just how life basically works.
thank you for reading have a nice day.
hello.
i love to play online.
i recently found [free aussie pokies]( here you practice and acquire skills for further victories.
choose a slot machine according to your interests.
if you ask most people their aspiration in life is to be happy.
in today’s society there are so many expectations and pressures that can lead many of us to feel far from happy.
it can lead us to experience feelings of anxiety, frustration and boredom, constantly living for the weekend.
i was that person i thought to be truly happy in life i would first need to look a certain way, get the house, the car, the amazing career, i was trying to find happiness from external things and ended up chasing things that weren’t truly my own goals or desires.
of course having things is nice, i'm not against living a great life and having goals and desires, but i’ve realised that they are more of a nice to have rather than the source of happiness.
our internal world and mental habits are the source of happiness, and the habit of happiness can be cultivated.
in this video i outline how to be happy again in life and the mindset shifts that helped me let go of anxiety and depression and cultivate happiness and contentment and how this really changed my life.
this statement could be wrong but i always hear, “some amount of stress is good for you” or “stress is good as long as it’s not too much.”i feel the saying is correct, but can it actually be measured on how much stress is good?
thanks for any comments
almost all of them can’t be used anymore.
i’ve been diagnosed with jme (epilepsy) so baths and candles are banned.
the weathers crappy so i can’t leave to make the hour long trek to the nearest town and it feels like my helicopter parents are breathing down my neck.
i’m also kinda trapped in my room since the two of them tend to patrol the main floor of the house (i’m on the second).
my room is not very soundproof and my brothers in the basement so i’m stuck heremy new meds are also showing some side effects- nausea- balance issues- sensory overload- headache (close to migraine)- restlessness things i’ve tried and have failed - cold cloth over eyes- sleeping- eating - keeping busy- essential oils- calm music- painting- tai chi (light exercise)doesn’t help that my mom is slamming stuff downstairs is there any other things i can do?
i really don’t wanna do nothing and let this escalate
as the title says i’m dispraxic and i’m having trouble with it as i know that constantly tapping my legs or table can be annoying so i want something to help me when i want to know where the hell my hands are so any suggestions?
&amp;#x200b;this relaxing melody allows you to find deep stillness inside of yourself.
a healing piece of music that can evoke calming mental images and emotions without being a distraction.
[hope the music can bring you peace and calmness.
i need help/advice.
the thing is, absolutely not bragging here, i’m fortunate enough not to have this job right now — even amidst this pandemic.
i have an office job.
i can’t stand it anymore.
i’ve lasted over two years so far.
this job has brought nothing but absolute stress and panic to my life since march.
it has really taken a toll on my physical, and more so, my mental health.
i‘ve become easily irritated, anxious, and paranoid.
i work around the clock and get 5 hours of sleep —if i’m lucky.
i can’t see anything positive in this anymore.
even when i take days off, i still get assigned tasks and i end up working anyway.
otherwise, i’ll drown in all these outstanding tasks/reports.
what more is that i also feel like i’m the least “liked” member of the team given i’m the least smartest.
i work the hardest, though — i’m gonna claim that.
i work so hard, i guess, to prove that i’m worth it??
i mean, the fact that i’m already unintelligent, i can’t afford to be lazy at the same time.
anyway, the point is, i want to quit.
i just don’t know how to quit gracefully.
people who quit usually already have a new job they’re moving to or they’re pursuing something like studying.
with me, i want to quit because this job is making me depressed.
i just want to have peace and experience happiness in my life, which are something i haven’t had in a very long time.
i just want to be able to sleep soundly and live my life without the stress and worries this job gives me.
honestly, this job is the only thing that stresses me out.
everything else in my life is fine.
i just want to escape from this hell and live worry-free??
it’s just so difficult to quit to just embrace the nothing... to quit because you’re tired and just want some time for yourself??
why is that so looked down upon?
why is it we’re always expected to be always doing something?
🥺i’m so tired of life.
all i want is to rest and get some good sleep.
i (20f) am currently a senior in university with plans of graduating in the spring of ‘21.
i have just made 20 years old and have supported myself for majority, if not all, of my years so far in college.
i am currently taking 19 credits this semester which is stressful enough, but i know i can handle it (i have done this every semester since enrolling).
the problem is that as i’ve stated - i support myself.
a week ago both my credit card and debit card were flagged for fraud and abruptly closed and deactivated.
capital one is in the process of sending me two new cards while they conduct an investigation.
my checking account is fine and has been restored to the amount before the fraud transactions.
the problem is, is that my credit card was maxed out on xbox digital gift cards (i do not own this), and they are having trouble determining whether or not the purchase was authorized (it was absolutely not).
i am extremely stressed as my credit card is a life saver for me right now.
i use it to purchase gas, groceries, and school necessities.
i can not afford to pay off a $1500 credit card.
i can not afford to lose $1500 worth of money since losing my campus job due to covid.
i haven’t slept, i can’t eat, and i can’t focus on school work.
i’m so stressed, i’ve had numerous anxiety attacks in the past week.
any tips on getting through this?
i don’t know what to do.
this may be of interest to anyone who has had or is having cognitive behavioural therapy (cbt).
we are a small group of clinicians and software developers from england, uk, who have spent the last year trying to reduce the drop off rate for people undergoing 6 week programmes of cbt.
we experimented with many different resources to support people undergoing cbt for common issues.
we experimented with the usual books, worksheets and apps.
unsurprisingly, different things worked for different people and there was no one size fits all resource or method.
this led us to build our own resource to reduce the drop off rates we were seeing.
over the course of a year we incrementally built an app for this use case and tested it with over 100 people.
we designed it to be used in between therapy sessions to reinforce lessons and help people complete their goals and exercises.
each person gets a weekly email report with a summary of their progress, their mood progression and their most common cognitive distortions.
they can choose to share this with their therapist if they like.
two things happened that we are pleased with:1. not only were we able to reduce drop off rates for the 6 week programme, but we saw much higher levels of engagement during the main programme sessions.
2. several of our testers referred their friends to the app, as a way to get introduced to cbt.
as a result, we have some early indications that it might be useful as a standalone introductory app, as well as something that can accompany professional therapy.
right now we’re really interested to get any thoughts or feedback on the app and how we can improve it.
we’d be really grateful to hear from some users as well as clinicians if possible.
available for download on:ios - [android - [we’re incredibly grateful for any feedback and support.
last month i started school after a long summer break.
im now in high school, most ap.
i am used to school being very easy but its not anymore.
i find some subjects hard and i already have four tests cramed into one week.
the situation sounds stressful but i have yet not felt it.
but today in school it felt like my eye was twitching all day (it wasn't) and i have no appetite.
i found out that they are stress symptoms but i dont know how to deal with them since i dont think i am stressed?
do you have any advice?
hi, so basically i have an audition in two hours and i'm freaking out because i don't know which song i'm going to do and i don't think i can sing either well enough.
i decided i'm gonna try to perform both for some family members and ask which is better for the sake of my audition, but that's also making me really anxious because i'm kind of private about my singing and again i don't think either are quite ready.
so i've been thinking about this all day and i haven't been able to calm myself down for several hours.
every time i get up to try to do something else (homework, etc.
), it just gets worse and it distracts me and stresses me out about that thing instead.
does anyone know something i can do that might help me calm down?
this is really bad and i don't know what i can do
i feel it physically, constantly, and it’s only worse when i procrastinate but i procrastinate because i physically can’t do it.
and then i turn in things late and i’m sure this is going to be bad for my grade.
i’m trying to tell myself it hardly matters but i feel constant physical exhaustion.
i just want a night of sleep.
i can’t handle all of this at once and should not have taken this many hard classes.
i wish i could stop beating myself up.
whatever organization you work in, change is the one thing you can count on.
but in the past, change occurred at a predictable and incremental rate.
today, it occurs much more quickly, presenting a challenge for managers.
to keep up, managers must learn to be effective change agents - [
why do some people easily become stressed to where they carry it physically and others, it takes a while to feel the effects of stress?
genuinely want to know.
why is it that when something happens more shit happens to pile on top of it?
constantly stressing out.
feels like my life is nothing more than the quote "if it isn't one thing its another"
been a long time lurker (reading all of the posts), and, this is one of my 1st times making a post.
i suffer from crippling morning depression (a name i gave it).
it is awful.
i am posting here to see maybe (just maybe) someone may have some tips for dealing with early morning depression.
it is the worst feeling i have ever had.
i took the time out to list all the things that go through my mind when i wake up and it was terrifying to me.
i had no idea my mind is capable of rushing so many negative thoughts through my body upon the first 5 seconds of opening my eyes in the morning.
i thought it would be therapeutic to see this list right in front of me (to get, on paper, my feelings and terrible thoughts)anyway, i am babbling.
here is my list (note - carolyn is my wife's name).
&amp;#x200b;will i be alone and lonely in my older age?
will i even make it to an older age?
will i get covid and die?
will anyone from my family or friends get covid and diewill my wife be ok and not get covidwill something else happen to my wife that would take her away so early.
i don’t know how i would ever live without her by my side.
i love carolyn so much that so many times i look at her and become so sad because if there is ever a day she isn’t with me, i don’t know how i would be able to handle it.
will someone do irreparable harm to my family?
will someone do irreparable harm to my spouse?
it is only a matter of time before work figures out how little i know about what i do and how bad will get in trouble for it?
if i am all alone someday (all loved ones have passed) and get sick, if there is no one around me to help, will i be able to get the help i need?
emotionally?
financially?
what if i get a terminal illness?
how will i handle it?
emotionally?
physically?
what if carolyn (or someone from my family) get a terminal illness.
do i have the emotional strength right now to be there for them?
everyone at work is just waiting for me to come in so they can pounce on every single thing i have tried to do in the past months that have failed, and they are pissed.
in my mind, everyone at work (upper management) has the attitude, "you had your fun over the weekend.
now, we own you and you will do what we say".
while i feel 100% helpless because i can be fired and tossed out of the building immediately.
i am already 53 years old.
it is inevitable that medical issues will start to happen with me and carolyn.
and also, with my friends.
this is the age where you tend to see friends pass away from different ailments and situations throughout their life and the very thought haunts me.
feeling hopeless with every single thing i do.
i can never do it right.
no matter how many times i try, i just don't get it.
and i then stall in fear instead of trying.
the feeling that i am nothing but a burden to my wife who is the most wonderful person on this earth.
she see's me lose my patience, act unreasonable, get angry from 0 to 60 in 3 seconds,...etc...etc.....i am just a total burden and realize this.
but i continue to try to make this better every single day.
constant worry about any of the dogs dying or getting sick where we must put one down.
i am not sure how stable my emotions are right now to be able to deal with thathorrifying fear of losing my job and all stability that comes with it as well.
which would be devastating.
loss of income with no money to pay for bills.
i always believe that the people that do spend time with me, 99% of this time do so because they feel sorry for me because of how odd/mopey i can be.
i picture it to be very difficult for others to be around me most of the time.
often wonder how i will die when the time comes.
will it be disease?
will i accidentally hurt myself?
how will it happen?
is today going to be the day it happens?
i have a hard time not knowing.
i always want to be prepared for things, but some things cannot be prepared forevery time my phone rings, i think it is "the call".
someone died.
maybe someone got killed.
i expect hysterical crying and screaming on the other end of the line (if i should pick up the phone) due to the sorrow being so deep.
to the point where it almost puts me into a full-blown panic attackif a series of life events lead me to losing my home (getting terminally ill or very sick) , i will be homeless, where would i go?
my parents are no longer alive, and the world can be such a cruel place which leaves me in fear i will die alone in the streets with nowhere to go with no one to help me with my ailments.
i am afraid if i have a panic attack that is so bad that i may fall unconscious at work and have to be taken to the hospital.
how would we be able to emotionally handle our house burning down while we are out shopping and losing everything along with the animals.
to have that happen is devastating to anyone.
i sometimes (at night) think of all of these things and start to shake uncontrollably because my anxiety goes skyrocketing after playing these things through my mind on a regular basis.
over and over.
edit -  something to keep in mind, where i work, they actually love my work.
so it makes no sense to stress over anything work related every morning, but, somehow, my mind finds the room to squeeze it in there :(
hello, i've spent the last weeks working on a stress management program.
i've written a chunk of it for beta testing with people.
for now, i have more than 40 pages of content that i would like to give for free in exchange for some feedback at the end of it.
we cover from the anatomy of stress and hormones to more psychological factors like the ego and personality traits.
everything topped with practices to apply the concepts.
if you're interested in participating could you leave me a personal message telling me that you're interested and maybe a way to contact you to send you the link.
thank you!
im taking a break followed by a desperately needed nap later but anyway now im here on reddit venting because i need validation that i will finish it because rn i dont think i can!!
im a freelancer and im currently working with an apparel company and i must first say that im a fresh grad and getting a job is rlly hard now so i kind of really need to set a good impression later when i present my illustrations to my clients but im an idiot and promised 30 illustrations in 3 days but i cant really cope as yall can see.
sorry that its a boring post but im really freaking out!
as far as i am aware, it is the first interactive [map]( that shows real-time levels of anxiety in each country across the world.
today i also launched on[ product hunt.
](this map only works if we all rate, so go ahead, put your country on the map with just one click and check the anxiety level in your country.
and because i don’t want to only focus on the problem but also help with it, i created a [chatbot]( for quick free anxiety help.
p.s: world anxiety map does not gather any individual personal data or use any cookies/other tracking technologies.
my current job is causing me way too much stress, and i’m close to breaking down at the thought of going in tomorrow morning.
is it worth it to just quit?
i barely started applying for other jobs but don’t know how close or far i am from hearing anything back.
i don’t have another job lined up atm.
thoughts?
tl;dr: you need to know your internal purpose in order to remove yourself from the "carrot &amp; stick" game.
# purpose: achievethe initial purpose we learn is to achieve as much as possible.
when this is your purpose, stress is amazingly effective at getting us to accomplish our to-do list and achieve short-term goals.
i think this comes in part from the "carrot &amp; stick" approach we learn in american schools ([yale happiness lab](if you do well on assignments, you get good grades and move on to the next year.
if you do well in hs, you receive a scholarship and go to college.
if you do well in college, you get a solid job with high income.
the problem is, this "carrot &amp; stick" game will never end.
there is no final carrot.
continuing to engage in this game mindlessly without a purpose will only lead to more stress &amp; no resolution.
 lifelong happiness requires stepping outside of this game.
&amp;#x200b;# my purpose: long-term happinessmy internal purpose is to maximize long-term happiness.
the thing is, many of our intuitions about "how to be happy" are wrong.
some data-backed examples that help bring happiness ([yale happiness lab]( relationships positive internal predictions about how things will go positive feelings to those around you being moral / having beliefs giving to others writing about painful memories / intrusive thoughts not only thinking positively - we need to prepare for the bad as well meditation / calm mind&amp;#x200b;# so, what is your purpose?
for me, removing myself from "carrot &amp; stick" required learning about what actually makes humans happy.
this helped me to redefine accomplishments / career as only one piece of my life.
laurie santos is the woman who leads the happiness lab at yale and is the creator of the podcasts i listed above.
here is a podcast she did with neuroscientist / philosopher sam harris where she provides an overview of what makes us happy: [podcast](note: these are my internal armchair ideas.
i have enjoyed reading from data-backed positive psychologists like martin seligman and mihaly csikszentmihalyi, but i am not an academic in the field.
throughout ben franklin's adult life, he consistently invested roughly an hour a day in deliberate learning.
this is franklin's five-hour rule: one hour a day on every weekday.
for many of us, our professional day is measured by how much we get done.
as a result, we tend to speed through the day and slow down our improvement rate.
the five-hour rule flips the equation by focusing on learning first.
i share my experience with the 5-hour rule here: [by focusing on learning, it un-automates our behaviors so we can keep improving them rather than plateauing.
every event is an opportunity to improve.
and by making the process of learning a lifestyle, it allows us to get so much more done over the long term.
i wanted to share i've been supplementing with phosphatidylserine for about a month.
it took two weeks until i started to feel more calm.
i work as a weitress and i have very stressful moments at work.
i've noticed i'm stressed just for a few moments and then i can come back to a relaxed state.
i couldn't do it before the supplement, my body was always in a race and even after work, i came back home still stressed.
i've also noticed i have less destructive or depressive thoughts, like 80% less.
i was very depressed and anxious before taking the supplement, now i don't want to be creating that kind of thoughts, i just want to be relaxed and if something is bothering me i find easier to proccess that feelings and come back to be relaxed.
i think i had high levels of cortisol and have tried other supplements before and that's the one that really worked.
i wanted to share this because i think it could be useful for someone here.
how do you cope with the stress of balancing everything and keeping everyone happy, taking care of their needs etc?
i feel like i am constantly being pulled in every direction having to keep family happy, children, lovers, friends, neighbours  and the god damn wheelie bin men, etc.
i have to take care of my child and entertain other people simultaneously and i often find myself unable to cope with everyones demands and i clearly neglect my own needs.
so there's this person at work (that i thankfully don't work under) who has an irrational response to everything.
i'm not discounting their feelings, but this person panics at the smallest issue, while no one else around me feels that their reaction makes sense.
now i'm someone who only gets irritated, but not really angry.
this person's response to things actually makes me really, really angry.
how do i not let someone else's emotions affect me?
i could really use some help since i'm only just starting off in my career, and i'm likely to meet so many people like this.
hi i´ve spend most of my carreer as a cmo or head of marketing in different businesses always driven by performance and numbers, which means a lot of stress.
over the last years i´ve invested a lot to learn from the best in the field, innitially to get better myself, but those holistic techniques helped me so much i want to share it with others now.
i´m looking for free test customers right now.
just shoot me a message if you´d like to get a free session and i´ll see if i can help you!
i finished a school term a few days ago, but for some reason, i feel more stressed.
it stopping me from doing my hobbies, and it's hard to relax despite there being no assignments to worry about.
i figured it was because i was still in "work mode" but it's been 3 days already and the feeling hasn't gone away like it normally does.
how do i stop feeling this way?
i would appreciate any help.
thanks
so, recently, i began cegep (in canada, right after high school).
i constantly feel like i’m forgetting something, an exam, a homework i forgot to give back.
i also constantly feel like i missed something and that’s it’s gonna be super bad for my grades.
rn, it’s 22:34 and yet i’m still looking at everything to make sure i haven’t missed anything.
it’s fucking stressing me out.
i don't even know where to start.
i feel like my boss hates me and is too nice to say it?
like today i was supposed to meet her @2pm but i made the stupid mistake of showing up at 12pm and because i don't have job security i feel like i'm at risk because i keep making mistakes or being overbearing,i.e.
asking what needs to be done,calling her about an inquiry.
and then this stress is seeping into my home life because my mother and i work in the same place and we're losing our relationship because of it but with the job market being as scarce as it is i'm scared to go anywhere else?
meanwhile my dog of 13 years just died but we had no time to grieve because my family just doesn't do that and my best friend just left the job,while my other friends are just not around because they're busy doing their own thing.
like at the end of the day i feel tired and distant and i just can't face anything anymore.
sorry.
i don't even know where to start.
i feel like my boss hates me and is too nice to say it?
like today i was supposed to meet her @2pm but i made the stupid mistake of showing up at 12pm and because i don't have job security i feel like i'm at risk because i keep making mistakes or being overbearing,i.e.
asking what needs to be done,calling her about an inquiry.
and then this stress is seeping into my home life because my mother and i work in the same place and we're losing our relationship because of it but with the job market being as scarce as it is i'm scared to go anywhere else?
meanwhile my dog of 13 years just died but we had no time to grieve because my family just doesn't do that and my best friend just left the job,while my other friends are just not around because they're busy doing their own thing.
like at the end of the day i feel tired and distant and i just can't face anything anymore.
sorry.
i don’t know if this is stress-related or not but i am not doing anything different to my hair, pulling it or anything but when i naturally put my hands through my hair or brush it it’s just coming out in clumps, but i would say that being in my final year of school online is causing me a lot of stress at the moment...
[stress app validation](
hey y’all.
i (29m) have been struggling for the last few months with pretty severe neck tension caused from a combination of decades of stress and poor posture.
the tension has been so bad, that it’s been shooting nerve pain to my hand, and there was even a brief week long period where i couldn’t move my neck much at all.
the only thing that seems to help now is e-stim, and that has only lasted for so long.
i can’t really get much restful sleep without constantly tossing and turning at night.
i’m writing this completelyexhausted, in fact.
other than muscle relaxers, does anyone have any ideas or suggestions as to possible solutions?
i’m honestly desperate.
i had my first day in school yesterday and it was horrible i didnt know anyone and when we went outside i was alone while everyone else is in groups, i dont know how to make new friends and im worried about failing tests and classes, everyone says im gonna be fine but i dont think i am i dont know what to do its a nightmare
the book is available [here]( from the wellness society.
everyone right now needs a little extra help and hopefully, this e-book can assist some of you in uncovering the toolset you need during this abnormal time, or at least it might help with bridging the gap between now and when you may be able to seek more professional assistance.
obviously, it's not a solution to all problems, and some of you are going to be going through a lot more than others, but i hope many of you can find it useful.
stay safe, stay healthy.
so i have health anxiety and i’m young (24) i’ve got every test in the book done but an mri .
i keep getting worried about having a stroke idk why .
i feel like i’m too aware of my body sensations and think over thinking  some sensations and they get worse and then i get in my head thinking something is wrong .
how do you stop this thinking ?
 new yorkers: are you feeling worried, sad, anxious, or depressed?
teachers college, columbia university is offering no-cost telehealth therapy as part of a research study for individuals across new york state that are struggling with emotional distress during the covid-19 pandemic.
if you are an adult between the ages of 18-65, you may be eligible to receive this innovative treatment from specially trained clinicians.
eligible participants will be compensated for brief questionnaires before and after therapy.
between therapy sessions, participants will be invited to utilize a novel internet- and mobile-based platform to supplement treatment.
for more information and to fill out a pre-screen questionnaire, please visit:
fill this out.
hi everyone, i really want to hear if anyone has had experiences with white hair due to stress and if it will go away.
i am only 23 years old and this year has been extremely stressful for me, and i started to notice a lot of white hair.
when i say a lot i don’t mean like 5 hairs, i mean like a lot.
i started to notice small strands that are completely white, and honestly that caused me a lot more stress on top of it.
i’m hoping hearing other’s experiences will help me feel a bit better.
stress and anxiety go hand-in-hand.
stress is the feeling that causes physical, emotional, or psychological strain.
whereas anxiety is a feeling of fear, worry, or uneasiness that is usually a response to stress.
ignoring any of them is an open call to health issues.
timely action can prevent the further harmful effects of stress and anxiety.
here are 7 [ways to relieve your stress]( and anxiety; take a look1. regular sleepan uninterrupted quality of regular sleep will keep stress and anxiety at bay.
training yourself to sleep early is the biggest thing you can gift yourself.
2. spend some quality time with kidskids are the happiest souls on our planet.
be it human or animal, babies are the cutest.
spending just half an hour with a baby is equal to enjoy a whole day in a park.
3. invest some time in exercisedaily consistent workout stimulates your muscles and nerves and helps keep you fit.
a healthy and fit physique is considered to be beneficial for a healthy mind and mental health.
4. laugh your heart outlaughter is the best medicine to cure health issues.
especially if you train yourself to laugh out your tensions, you will be able to reduce much of the stress and anxiety in one go.
5. share your painsharing your troubles with your loved ones or someone you trust, or even with your diary, helps relieve much of the stress.
when we keep all the pain confined within us, it starts harming us within, resulting in anxiety, fear, or stress.
hence, it’s always better to exhale out all of the chaos.
6. take out some time for your hobbieslistening to good music, dancing, gardening, cooking, or whatever may be your hobby, give it some time.
it will refresh you.
it will take off your mind from all the tensions.
you will start engaging in new ideas and creations, thus relieving stress and anxiety.
7. meditatemeditation is the relaxing of your mind and soul.
the breathing pattern helps you concentrate and focus on your inner peace.
daily 30 min of deep mediation is an excellent way to relax your mind and calm down.
it also helps organize yourself.
hey everybody,i felt like sharing a video here, where i share how we can use the breath to reduce stress and anxiety, and to feel more at ease and more safe in the moment.
paying more attention to the breath has helped me so much in feeling more at ease, because i now know what to do, and why to do it.
i also explain a little bit about the science of what happens in our bodies when we slow down the breath, so you can understand it also, and so that you can give more meaning to what you are doing.
i hope that it helps :) any questions, feel free to write me a personal message.
thanks,robinhere is the video:[
 responding and being able to cope with [stress]( is what most people today are looking for and thus it would be worth exploring how to respond to stress in the quest to gain some control over this negative effect and get back some semblance of peace in the everyday life cycle of the individual.
the body naturally reacts to any indication of [stress]( and most times this response in not healthy and often fatal.
when the body is challenged by any condition that it considers being under [stress]( it will kick in the natural responses that would require it to sort out the problem as quickly as possible in order to normalize the overall conditions.
the hormones and cortisol from the adrenal cortex and adrenalin form the adrenal medulla go out on if usual synchronicity patterns.
[for more](
hi everyone,i would very much appreciate if you could help by answering to this question:what are the 3 main stressors in your life, right now?
please share your thoughts.
thank you  :)
we all have stress at work right?
it’s not like i am a doctor or run a billion dollar company.
it youth sports.. 60 hours a week (even when i had covid) i have a second interview for a new job.
but is the grass any greener on the other side?
i would be giving up the following.
1.
4 weeks vacation 2. freedom to plan my schedule3.
7 years experience 4. basically unsupervised i could get1.
40 work week2. more pay3. also a fast paced work place (not a positive thing)4. close to home.
i am just so tired...
during the pandemic, the number of people showing anxiety/depression symptoms has increased four-fold between 2019 and 2020. this is a small endeavour to gauge people's coping mechanisms for stress.
please help me with this quick survey (link given below).
it hardly takes 4 minutes, and you’ll be talking about yourselves for most part of it :)
was laying in bed last night and i started getting light headed and short of breath and i was shallow breathing and i was like forgetting to breath ?
happen to anyone else ?
does anyone every time ant to just get a brain mri and mri on everything to just have reassurance?
trying to raise funds for a particular fundraiser.
i am not on the committee of the fundraiser, but was 'told' to try to raise funds for this fundraiser.
was an outside member trying to help.
now since this fundraiser has been publicly named via email with local news, i get black lash because the article printed was not approved by the committee.
and it is a 'sensitive' topic.
i guess i am done helping them with this fundraiser.
every public article has to be approved and that takes a couple of weeks to get approval since they do not meet that often.
our event is next month.
try to get funds for a fundraiser but do it quietly, and not make any noise.
oh and it has to be approved by committee.
go get em.
tl/dr at bottom.
so, i know this isn't nearly as serious as some people on this sub reddit, and i don't want to detract from those that really need help, but i'm wondering if anyone else experiences this.
i'm on vacation, first time in about a year that i have had several days designated to relax, but i feel like i have so much on my plate that i can't relax.
work has been extremely stressful, and i have been going the extra mile to make sure that things get done correctly there.
i feel like i'm sorry far behind at work that i might pass myself trying to catch up.
my wife an i have also trying to get the house ready for the largest family gathering we have ever had at our house.
finishing up a complete remodel and there are a bunch of little things that need to be done so that i feel people aren't judging me.
with all that being said, now that i'm here it feels more stressful to try to force myself to relax than it would be to just keep working and try to get caught up.
if i had the option of an invisibility cloak, i would take off of work, then go in so i can get caught up without anyone bothering me and pulling me away from the task at hand.
i don't know if these feelings are genetic or learned, but i have heard my dad say essentially the same thing in past.
i am on meds for anxiety.
has anyone else ever experienced this?
tl/dr: i feel stressed that i'm on vacation and not working.
maybe even a touch guilty.
can't explain this feeling otherway.
ever since i switched jobs and started working in a bank, i've been under crazy stress.
i have troubles sleeping, my heart keeps beating hard whenever i go to bed to sleep, i have lost my appetite... i even lost 7kg in 2 months.
all i want to do when i get home from work is shower and go to bed.
sometimes i even have this strong urge to cry.
i honestly do not know how to deal with this.
my parents do not understand, they think i should be happy to have a job in a bank.
my boyfriend thinks it's just a rough patch because of a sudden change.
my friends think i'm ignoring them...i hate this awful feeling i have in my stomach whenever i need to go to the work.
it feels like a weakness... i'm an adult, i should be able to handle this.
i have handled stress much better at previous jobs... but this thing with pandemic, isolation, new job, me being almost 28 and still not in a place i wanted to be at.... it makes it harder to breath..it's just a rant but any advice how to handle this would be appreciated...
hey guys, so a while back i did a post about the symptoms to look for when fearing burnout is around the corner ( link in the end of the post).
it was quite appreciated, so thought i'd do a little follow-up on how it's been going to recover and later also talk about how i lived that caused the burnout.
so i started with recording a video sharing all the symptoms i still live with more than 1,5 years after the crash.
not to make people feel sorry for me, but because i want you to realize that there really is a cost to working 24/7.
even if it's super fun and you feel like you have all the energy in the world.
like i did.
also, i just want to say, i love life and this experience has made me love it even more.
life is fragile - cherish it!!
link to the video: [&amp;#x200b;now the video tells the story best.
but in short, i still suffer from the following:\- headaches on a daily basis if i "strain" my brain too much.
that is "thinking" too hard or too much.
i work with video editing right now, so it could be me just working for 20 minutes.
this could also be caused by just thinking about something that stresses me or talking to a person for too long or when i feel the least amount of pressure.
\- if i work out and push myself just a little bit too much, my body shuts down and it feels like i get the flu.
headache.
dizzy.
almost feverish feeling.
and i don't need to push hard to reach this.
deadlift is a given if i want this to happen.
\- memory loss / hard time remembering things\- concentration difficulties and very low ability to concentrate\- dizzyness\- body that won't recover or heal wounds/inflammation quickly \- graying hair (or is it me getting old :d )\- emotional volatility ( crying a lot )\- variating degree - some days i feel normal, some days it's like my body is in a standyby mood.
&amp;#x200b;later in the week ill also release a video talking about how i lived that caused my burnout.
&amp;#x200b;&amp;#x200b;&amp;#x200b;link to the first post i did  on [burnout ( fatigue syndrome ) symptoms to watch out for!
](&amp;#x200b;have a great day and stay on the right side of living :d
i wish i could just get an mri of my brain to have ease that it’s normal lol .
sometimes i get weird sensations and stuff which is probably normal and my anxiety but i get paranoid something is wrong up there
my family had a really bad fight today.
there was a lot of screaming and yelling and swearing and anger.
i ran to my room cause it stressed me out.
i feel like my family is crumbling apart.
i feel like my sister is gonna leave home and never talk to us again and my parents will get divorced and then i'll be all alone and scared and in a bad place.
this just makes me want to die.
i hate it.
i need it to stop.
i can't handle this anymore.
i'm so stressed and anxious and scared and upset and i just want it to end.
whether that be the fighting or my life, i don't care, i just need it to stop.
i can't do it anymore.
am i overreacting?
is this normal?
is there any way i can make myself feel better?
please, help.
i am currently in graduate school but not full time so my loans are about to be in repayment in about 2 months.
18 year old me got screwed over by discover.
interest rate of close to 14%.
over the 6 years since i started the loans there i owe close to 120k.
i cannot refinance because i make less than 12k a year.
i cannot make payments  because that 12k doesn't even cover my medical, food, and bill expenses.
i know because i'm poor they will reduce the payment to 50$ a month but that will do nothing to bring the ammount down.
everytime i log into my account i litterally get nauseous and my stomach clamps up and occasionally i cry.
i don't know how to handle that stress.
it looms over me and is impacting my life terribly.
i can't move out which is really messing with me, i am engaged but my fiance is paying and trying to do everything as low cost is stressful (don't want to elope i know that's selfish but i want a wedding), i am putting off health problems which are adding up because the cost is too high, cannot get a service dog because the cost is too high, i really want a child and i also get super sad because realistically i will have to wait about 6-7 more years.
you will love this one !
wave sounds and soothing melodies to forget all the stress of right now ,fade out and leave everything behind !
i hope this helps some !
ill post the link in comments :)
im 21, f.. i know wikipedia isn't the most reliable thing, but i just learned this, and now it's just making me so anxious.
i've seen people split hot dogs apart by putting an electrode into it, it very quickly splits and then starts to give off smoke.
i've also seen people split water into hydrogen and oxygen by simply allowing some current to flow through the water - and often it causes explosions or fires, because hydrogen is flammable.
i thought nerve cells and muscle cells just used chemicals and proteins to transmit signals and make things move, and not actual electricity like out of a high-tension power line.. it makes me really anxious because i used to have seizures and they could come back any time, actually i get muscle twitches all day every day, they are seizure-like but may not be caused by epilepsy.
now whenever i get those twitches i think those wires are short circuiting and im going to suddenly see sparks come off my skin and set my clothes on fire.
or my leg will suddenly heat up and cook itself from short circuiting and ill catch on fire.
also what if my nerves malfunction and short circuit, and i shake a friend's hand and i electrocute them to death or something?
i wouldnt be able to live with thati havent slept for days bc i keep thinking of this and doing research on it is only confirming my fears i feel like i want to literally rip all my nerves out my body
so i've been having these feelings of anxiety and stress whenever i think of going to a full time job.
i'm graduating university in a few months and i just find the future scary... the pandemic took over a year out of my life, i was hoping before, to explore more  about myself, and about possibilities after uni, but now i guess life was pretty much on pause and i just feel anxious and stressed just thinking about the fact that i'm graduating and will have to work full time.
anybody else can relate??
here's the video i made about my anxiety of going to a full time job, i feel like many people here could relate to that.
just know you're not alone in this &gt;&gt; [scared to go to work?
me too](please let me know if you have some tips on this topic!
i know work is essential for living and i'm trying  to look forward to it and find some good things about this huge change.
would love to hear your thoughts.
this stress is killing me
 new yorkers: are you feeling worried, sad, anxious, or depressed?
teachers college, columbia university is offering no-cost telehealth therapy as part of a research study for individuals across new york state that are struggling with emotional distress during the covid-19 pandemic.
if you are an adult between the ages of 18-65, you may be eligible to receive this innovative treatment from specially trained clinicians.
eligible participants will be compensated for brief questionnaires before and after therapy.
between therapy sessions, participants will be invited to utilize a novel internet- and mobile-based platform to supplement treatment.
for more information and to fill out a pre-screen questionnaire, please visit:
 [\#resignedwithoutajob]( anyone done this recently?
what makes you take this risky decision?
i’m in my mid twenties (f,25) and living with mother.
lately all she does is say negative things about me and it really puts me down.
i feel like i do everything wrong.
in my work life, my love life, social life, everything.
i was dating someone new and we recently broke up.
it was so abrupt and the circumstances suck, and now we aren’t talking after getting into an argument.
it’s hard to not let it get to me.
i keep thinking what if i had been more supportive?
what should i have done to fulfill their needs while grieving...they say they won’t date anyone else but what if they’re lying .. thoughts keep racing and making my heart beat fast i’m still unsure what i’m going to do career wise and if i can afford to live alone and if i won’t feel anxious living alone...all my thoughts at once make me feel really stressed out and it’s keeping me up at night.
i don’t sleep until 6 am sometimes 😞
 23 female.. there's this person (mark davis) 47, m. i've been fixated on since around 2015. it's like when i saw him, there was this instant interest/bond.
ever since, it's like i have to learn everything about him, even the most minute detail like his favorite color, what his medical history is, details about his job (prison warden) his political views, birthday (december 25th) everything, and they're quite similar to mine.
when i found out what his full name was, i was literally giddy and in a daze for a couple days.
just seeing the videos he's made makes me happy, i can be really stressed out or just feeling depressed, or anxious.
but then he makes me feel better.
he's super dorky but i find that adorable, he has this kind of charming energy and a voice that i find soothing.
(he sounds exactly like jello biafra)i haven't met him in person yet, but i hope to eventually.
he isn't exactly a friendly person all of the time, he can be an asshole to people at times.
i remember impulsively going full-hate mode on him when he said that he hated children.
then i snapped out of it..but i'm still attached to him and sometimes he even finds his way into my dreams then i get upset because it seems real.
he comes into my mind several times a day, like during dinner time i think, hmm i wonder what he's eating for dinner, or wondering when he's got home from work, when he'll be sleeping and then imagining him nice and comfy in bed.
i wonder how he's doing right now.
i've had these horrible nightmares where i'll dream that he died and i'd wake up literally sobbing, if he died i can't imagine how depressed i'd feel.
it makes me feel physically sick to imagine anything happening to him.
i had this dream where he was found dead in a pit of spikes and there was blood everywhere and his eyes and mouth were wide open.
then i felt him and he was freezing cold.. it messed me up for daysi keep feeling nauseous whenever i think about him like i've been on a rollercoaster or something.
problem is...i have no way of directly contacting him and i'm not even sure if he'd want me as a friend or not.
i don't know what to do and i don't feel like i want to discuss this with a doctor in person, because i'd seem crazy and stalker-ish.
hey everyone!
just wanted to let you know that's there's a free session happening this sunday on the yogic management of stress - the platform is only a month or so old so it's a little buggy but the sessions are conduct by professionals who have decades of experience - these conceptualizations, tips and techniques really help.
join if you're free: [the yogic management of stress | heal by santani](
i’m an 18 year old male.
i have treatment resistant bipolar depression, severe social anxiety, panic attacks, aspergers.
and besides that i’m going through a lot of financial problems.
the stress is starting to get to the point where my heart starts to hurt so badly i can barely manage to move at times.
besides this i am getting trouble breathing, constant migraines, stomach pain and random aches.
but the heart is what hurts the most.
i’m concerned i might have a heart attack.
when it starts hurting it’s easily the most intense pain i’ve felt.
and i’ve been through a lot of painful situations.
i don’t know what to do.
could the stress cause a heart attack?
and if so what do i do?
i have no way to get rid of the stress.
i’ve been seeing doctors and trying treatments for the past 12 years of my life.
and i’ve been on over 30 different medications with no luck.
i had chronic stress for about 11 months last year convincing myself i had different types of cancer and now i have constant nausea, has anyone else had this?
people keep telling me i've ruined my body with the level of stress and anxiety i endured last year :/ can't see how this would make me this nauseous.
hey everyone, hope you're dong ok.
a few days ago i started getting pain in the left side of my chest.
it mostly happens when i lie down but sometimes happens for no reason.
is it maybe stress?
for some extra information i'm only 18 and i'd say i'm quite healthy aside from endometriosis and of course mental health problems.
i used to get chest pain at a time when my anxiety was at it's worst but it's weird that it's happening now.
i am stressed but it's just the usual.
when do you think i should start worrying?
so, i've a elder brother whom i used to respect so much and i used to think he's the only one who understands me and cares about me the most.
my family is so conservative and they don't want me to wear short dresses, have guy friends and not even close girl friends.
so i had always been oppressed and as a result i'm less expressive and i'm also less social and my this behaviour bothers my family a lot.
and my brother too is closed minded so, i don't have a choice but keep secrets that i do wear short dress when i'm out and i've a boyfriend.
i had the habit of writing diaries and it was something that always helped me to be calm, feel light, control my anxiety.
i'd to feel my diary as someone just mine and i'd write anything in there.
my every feelings, everything i had ever to say, and everything i never wanted anyone to know.
but my brother that always been curious about my life, i used to think it's cause he cares about me, but he stalking be on social media was really making me anxious, so i blocked him.
later he suddenly stopped talking to me, and i kept thinking what wrong did i do.
later my mom told me that he read my diary, that broke me, med me feel exposed ( i wasn't doing anything wrong in my life, i used to be just myself, atleast while writing my diary) and he read it all.
he was supposed to know the things he read.
i was so disappointed, so frustrated, so angry and it still makes me anxious now and then.
but i couldn't gather courage to question him.
i fear he'll question me about why do i do things he doesn't want me to do.
and ik i should fight and i can complain against him if he tries to hurt me, but the place where i live, the process is so hard, i'll always be blamed and idk what to do.
he didn't have any right to read my personal diary, i atleast expected him to have that much sense.
and the worst part is, i can't write anymore.
i tried writing on my diary after that, but i just couldn't.
ig the fear is still there, i feel like it won't help me anymore, i can't just mek it.
i feel like it's no more something of my own.
and i feel more frustrated now, i'm more anxious now.
and idk what should i do.
i'm recently thinking maybe i'll leave that diary just aside and my myself and new diary and keep a lock in it and try writing in it.
coz it's hard to go though stuffs and not being able to take it out.
i don't have enough friends either with whom i can talk about anything without feeling judged.
what do you all think?
please help me out.
hi folks i wanna reveal in this post what is the most important cause behind your psychological challenges, starting from your procrastination, self sabotaging, anxiety, failed relationships .. well as humans we do anything we could to feel like we're in control of our daily lives, the moment this sense of control started to get challeged spontaneously we resist and fight back to regain this control that we use to feel inside, because falsely we thought this is the only way to feel secure and successful, but as we know if we get to dig a little bit deeper on how life and this universe operates, we will discover that there's order and chaos as a core principal in this universe, in other words if you're always doing your best to eliminate chaos aka tension and life's challeges from your life, you'll start to deny an important part inside yourself which is the desire to evolve with world around you .. and that's the starting of all psychological pathologies .. basically your internal resistance to your life condition and reality is what getting you to suffer and feel depressed and anxious, if you just embrace life as it is by accepting it how it is, without any expectations or the desire to control your surroundings .. you'll feel peace and sense of security inside your psyche, suddenly your true self aka your authentic self will comes out and the reward of being able to achieve that is you'll be able to do things effortlessly without draining a big part of your energy on resisting or combating your emotions about what is going on around you .. hope you like this post for further discussions dm me guys for any questions
so i just left a military group.
i shall explain stuff first.
my country has a post school activity which is basically a military activity but it’s milder, adjusted and suitable for 13-16 year olds,  there are 2 branches of the activity such as a freestyle group with foot drills and a activity where its like the first branch but with guns.
so i joined the gun group and the exercises and drills were easy to learn but hard to do.
i messaged my ic and he said i could leave and he doesn’t blame us because of the injuries he had also faced.
i then left and felt like an outcast even tho my fellow members said its ok.
so what i am asking is that if any of you guys can help me cope with my stress.
i (28f) absolutely hate dating but i want love.
i’m constantly stressing myself out whenever i become interested in a new guy.
i stress because im constantly asking myself if im not good enough for him... especially when he doesn’t respond for hours.
i stress when he says he wants to go out but flakes last minute.
i stress when i’m with him and i can’t read if he’s interested.
then i stress when i think he’s just being nice when i ask him something and he gives a good answer.
of course i always play it cool.
like laughing it off when he flakes.
or saying no worries when he cancels.
or giving him space when i don’t want to look too clingy.
but inside i’m going crazy!
i want to turn this worrying off.
does anyone else have this issue?
i don’t like feeling this way and i don’t know how to stop feeling so stressed about this!
for  my thesis i've created a web-app where over 140 people from 27  countries around the world have released their 1 minute anxiety monster.
view the monster horde and release your own!
[www.releaseyouranxietymonster.com](
hi everyone,i have come to realise that my mind and body is defaulted towards being stressed.
from the minute i open my eyes, to the minute i close them i am constantly "doing" things and feeling like i am a few steps behind.
so for me it seems like an ingrained habit that i sort of deault to constantly.
does anyone have any ideas on how to break the habit of stressfully doing things and balancing it with just being?
i do meditate, yoga and those kinds of things but even that can sometimes be a stressful "must".
any thoughts would be much appreciated!
hi reddit,i'm in need of some advice.
2 years ago i worked myself into a burn-out of which i am still recovering.
i worked in an online marketing team that had a lot of desk/computer hours.
i still don't have a lot of energy and i still feel stressed, emotionally drained from time to time and still have a hard time living a normal life.
however, my biggest problem is that i cannot do computer work anymore.
whether it's gaming, watching video's, school work or just browsing for fun, i cannot last longer than 45 minutes without having one or more of these following symptoms:- lightheadedness - heavy head- pshyical stress, my body feels pumped up like it want's to run a marathon - concentration issuesi do not seem to have these symptoms when staring at my phone screen or tv screen.
i've always spent a lot of time behind my computer (gaming, chatting with friends etc) but now i cannot even have 1/8th the screen time that i could endure.
it kinda feels like my brain associates just sitting behind a computer with enourmous amounts of stress.
my question is, is there a way i can train my body or mind that i do not feel stressed anymore when sitting behind a computer?
i know that i'm not fully recovered yet and that i cannot expect big results but it's a big part of my life that i don't want to lose.
i already correct my shoulders when they are tense, i take regular breaks and i don't do work that stresses me out.
even gaming (which is one of my favourite things) i cannot seem to do anymore....some advice would be appreciated!
tl:dr: there is nothing that stressed me out more than sitting behind a computer screen, tips?
i wanna start off my saying a bit about me.
i'm a 19 year old \[male\]  in first year of uni -(maths&amp;physics) and i've: played the piano since i was six, produce music (some of which is now on spotify) and i am a "triathlete" (train 12-15 hours/week) ps.
running is my entire life - though i'm not great at it yet.
my flatmate, wendy, is one of my best friends.
over the pandemic we spent around 5 months living on our own (in the same bed since not in uni halls) and everything was great.
i have never been in a relationship and i am not ready for one, i made that crystal clear to her before i even invited her to stay with me over the 5 months.
we had somewhat a physical relationship, though we never had sex.
she asked why and the main was because i didn't want to lead her on, i told her that and would regularly check if she was okay living with me despite not having an emotional relationship - i know that wouldn't work for some people and i really liked spending my time with her.
throughout this time i didn't see anybody from uni (i was home) though i kept in close contact with a girl called lisa.
i picked up a few running and cycling injuries and had to give up training for a few weeks and it fucking broke me (still recovering, but doing much better).
recently, wendy told me she is in love with me.
i friendzoned her and immediately stopped anything physical that we had ever done - i really want this friendship to work.
but she is not okay.
i have spent 3 nights over the past two weeks (where i go to sleep at 4am, waking up at 7am for training) with her as she's having a panic attack .
i am trying everything i can.
she is now back home since my mum (a qualified counsellor) conviced here that staying in uni is not a good idea - though wendy wouldn't listen to me when i said it.
on top of this, my cycling injury is now back and i am picking up a bad shoulder from swimming and s&amp;c work.
music rooms aren't open and so i haven't practiced piano in a month (which is a big fucking deal).
i can't run/cycle/swim how i would like to, i can't practice music and i have no motivation to produce.
i hate my uni degree (it's really hard and i have no motivation) though i know when out of this rut i will begin to enjoy it again.
and, worst of all, i can't stop thinking about lisa.
i thought i didn't want a relationship but she is fucking everything to me.
what is wendy gonna do when she knows how i feel about lisa?
i'm scared she's gonna do something severe.
i don't know if i'm falling inlove with lisa but all i know is that i would die for her.
you're probably wondering why i have titled this what i have, but i can do a lot of great things (cocky, i know) and yet i still look in the mirror and see a 'failure'.
i just want to be satisfied with who i am but i have no love for myself.
i have dealt with "depression" (not really, but feeling constantly down for months on end) and a developing ed which i have now overcome - i don't want it to come back.
ps.
i can't talk about this in person, i have not told anybody how i feel, i have tried so many times but i just see it as weak and pathetic (never cried infront of anyone sober either).
join us for a live morning chakra healing meditation session.
so come along, unwind – relax deeply, enjoy new techniques and spend time in the company of like-minded people—a great way to rejuvenate and inspire yourselfregister now - [
i feel like i'm about to have a panic attack because i let myself procrastinate packing up my dorm room until the last minute.
its 2am and i have until 12pm to pack and i still have to sleep because i have a 2-3hr drive home tomorrow/today.
i cant focus on anything and it's making me so stressed.
i just feel like screaming.
well here as the title says, i just feel like crying most of the times at night.
i'm in university and have been taking it online and have been at home.
this has really made my mental health decline tbh.
i've been stressed by a lot of things and when i tried to tell my mom that i have been stressed all she said is i can't be stressed because i don't do anything all day.
after she said that it made me feel like i can't tell her anything.
just because i don't do much but school doesn't mean i can't be stressed.
i have a hard time concentrating at home and just feel unmotivated.
i'm also really stressed about what to do after university graduation.
it's just so much to be stressed about so it really hurt my mom doesn't believe i have any stress.
:/ i just don't know what to do anymore.
i'm recovering of a burn out and i'm learning more about myself.
measuringi have noticed i've got 4 points where i can measure my stress:- physical- mental- emotional- my motivation and perseverancewhen i'm stressed:- physically i just get pains everywhere when my body is in stress.
my muscles ache or problems with my bowel.
- mentally i have no concentration to do normal thinking, analysing or problem solving.
watching/reading/listen is just a no go.
- emotionally i cry often when an emotion pops up.
i can't control my emotions, they take over.
- my motivation/perseverance is minimal to not there at all, i can hardly take care of myself (eat, drink, hygiene) so doing things i want or need to do are just out of the question.
when i'm in this fase i'm out.
i just can sleep, i walk because i need to and i'm happy my parents provide me with food.
making my own stress thermometeri made a chart where i put the 4 measures next to each other and made 4 rows under it:- red: burn out 😫- orange: stressed 😖- yellow: minor stressed 😞- green: peaceful 😌in every cell i put indicators.
for example when i'm in yellow i can still watch a new movie, but not in orange, but usually not fully just about an hour.
in orange i loose motivation.
this way i can track my daily stress level.
origin of my stressi know i have some beliefs and expectations that cause me to ignore my feelings of need for rest.
it feels like the emotions of the beliefs and expectations are prioritised higher then my feeling of tiredness.
actually my whole wellbeing is prioritised less then my beliefs and expectations.
how i plan to recoveri'm resting right now, i'm lucky i get the time from my job to be sick and get paid leave.
daily i rest, walk, attend to my plants, clean up my house, i try to do at least 2 or 3 small tasks which i know are good for my wellbeing even though it can be hard.
i'm mindful, i meditate and i'm very aware of my emotions.
when they pop up i try to understand what belief or expectation is behind the emotions.
when they pop up when i need to make a difficult choice i choose rationally for my wellbeing.
rest, rest and more rest (physical, mental and emotional).
even though it takes a lot of courage to overcome the emotions i get not listening to my beliefs and expectations.
i'm not helping anybody when i can't even do things for myself!
after making a choices like this: i get proud of myself because i choose me 🥳motivation and perseverancei have noticed that my motivation and perseverance grows when i'm more rested again 😃 so, i started to do things that i love to do and give me satisfaction.
i’m looking for some advice for someone who’s maybe dealt with similar so i can get some sort of resolution.
i’ve had debilitating head pressure in the top back of my head along with lightheadedness, woozy feeling (like my head is swaying) faint feeling that comes and goes and blurry vision.
my head also feels like it’s spasms inside at times.
has anyone dealt with this in terms of anxiety?
what medications helped?
any exercises to make it better?
how long did it take to resolve or at least calm down?
so far it’s been 7 months and these symptoms will not go away.
i’ve seen all the specialists and gotten all the major scans and nothing shows
i think it's important that we manage our stress levels during this pandemic as it can literally affect our immune systems for the worse.
we need our immune systems to be strong to fight the virus.
this explains how [
hi, so this all started 18 months ago when i underwent a very stressful period moving countries for a new job.
since then, i've had various issues.
it started with minor skin issues then almost a year ago i started having trouble sleeping.
fast forward to now and after getting blood tests done loads of times and multiple trips to the er, i finally understand that i have been through chronic stress and i'm now freaking out about the inflammation in my body the past 18 months and the possible serious diseases i could get in the future.
i'm not out of the chronic stress yet but now i finally understand it i know how to beat it.
i'm going on antidepressants, going to start therapy, adapting an anti cortisol diet and continue exercising.
i hope that all these things will work.
i'm so scared of the future now but i know i need to just focus on the present and getting myself fully back to normal.
it just upsets me so much that i was in full health before the stupid move and now im not sure what the future holds.
i'm also angry at my doctor.
he should have explained this to me.
he wanted to treat me with antidepressants a year ago but i didn't listen because i didn't understand how they would help me.
i feel so stupid.
has anyone been through anything similar and how has your recovery gone?
 stress is usually brought on by anxiety and when this particular condition is addressed, it is possible to avoid building up the stress levels within the daily functions of the individual.
addressing the underlying causes of the stress, would better help the individual deal or change the circumstances that cause the stress, and thereby learning to comfortably adapt and cope with work place situations.
the following are some recommendations on how to manage stress at work effectively.
at work giving up coffee – most people are really unaware of the effect coffee has on the body and mind systems.
coffee helps to further elevate any conditions into hyper activity thus creating the ideal combination that further enhances any stressful circumstances.
the coffee flows into the blood and causes the adrenaline to be overly stimulated thus putting the brain into overdrive.
[for more](
 the home environment can usually seem like a battlefield as there are usually individual of various ages under one roof.
this alone is a stress contributing factor, as there are many needs and wants to satisfy and cope with.
with a little correct and comfortable practices, the stress levels for all concerned can be minimized.
the following are some of the common area that should be given due consideration in the quest to limit the occurrences of stressat home being organized is probable the best way to beat the stress condition from being a regular occurrence.
[for more](
 it is popularly believed that if an individual is not exposed to the stress causing circumstances, then the occurrence of the stress will be very unlikely and therefore not a dominant factor to contend with on a daily basis.
this has some truth to it, but it is not always possible to avoid or remove oneself from a circumstance that will eventually cause the stress to surface.
one of the ways that is recommended by most experts on the subject of stress management, is to ease the tension and in doing so bring the stress levels under adequate control.
the following are some tips on how to ease tension and reduce stress levels significantly.
[for more](
 it has been blamed for excess hair loss (medical name-androgenetic alopecia) although the molecular steps of hair loss in men and women are not fully understood.
this hormone is secreted in the testis of males and the ovaries of females, although men produce more of it.
various kinds of mental behaviour are not only subject to influence by environment and genetics but also day-to-day hormonal changes.
for example, stress can also inhibit testosterone synthesis and hence lead to decreased levels of it secretion [for more](
 both parties should be made aware of the fact that it is almost always impossible to change another person overnight or even over a long period of time.
accepting this is the first step in managing the relationship without adding stress to the combination.
working toward coping with the existing situation, instead of trying to force a change will be a lot easier and certainly less [stressful]( changing oneself is definitely more doable that attempting to change someone else.
[for  more](
 managing [stress]( adequately would require the need to first be able to identify the main causes of the presence of stress within the confines of the individual’s life.
when this has been identified then the relevant steps can be taken to address the stress inducing circumstances.
1st step some of the more common signs of stress are nervousness, withdrawal, constant tiredness, frequent headaches, increased use of [alcohol]( smoking and other unhealthy habits, an unexpected loss or increase in the diet intake or body weight, restless sleep and irrational emotional outbursts and behaviour patterns.
[for more](
does anybody else get this feeling from stress like you're not in control of your own body in any way?
like you can't think critically, or sometimes at all.
your motions are like jelly, and even when you get control, you're super uncoordinated or a clumsy.
in social situations, you feel more like a passenger for your own body who has no idea what to say or do but still has the capacity to be angry at yourself for not saying anything or doing something.
it's like this self-awareness that stops short of allowing me to do anything.
i have a lot of stressors in my life, and i can't help but think they've burnt me out so much so that i've become subject to these things.
i've been told before to prioritize or to take on less things as a solution, but to me that's synonymous with settling on being capable of less than i thought i'm capable of.
how do people function with high stress?
how do you groom yourself to do that?
i've lived like this for so many years and thought it would just come with experience, but now it just feel harder than its ever been
what works for me is writing on my gratitude journal i take a moment in the morning and night to write about my day... and it helps me to reduce stress, see the good things in my life and keep a positive mindset.
the journal has pretty nice stuff like prompts and activities, weekly goals, monthly planner so i like it a lot.
we are seeking study participants interested in participating in the clinically validated online mindfulness-based cognitive therapy (mbct) intervention be mindful.
multiple studies have shown that this four-week online intervention can reduce depressive symptoms, perceived stress, and anxiety symptoms.
participation in this entirely-online study will allow you access to the be mindful materials for free.
we are seeking individuals ages 18-65 currently experiencing some emotional distress who have experienced significant symptoms of depression in the past.
 if you are interested in learning more about our study, please email us at drtlab.ub@gmail.com.
you must live in new york state to participate in this study.
i'm so stressed more than normal.
i'm still in the grieving process since july 2019 when my papaw died.
he was like my dad.
now fast fwd to now my grandma is selling her house because her dr stated she doesn't need to be living by herself.
i can't live with her because i have my own family and my apt is not big enough for her and she wouldn't be able to handle my kids all the time.
plus she's starting to get frail (my grandma is super strong and looks 20 years younger than her age of 75).
so she's going to live with my aunt in iowa and she's all i got.
my sister barely talks to me because of other choices and my medical condition (epilepsy) so i don't get to see my niece and nephew very often.
i don't speak to my mother, stepfather if you want to call him that and my brother for other personal reasons.
so i feel like i'm being left alone even though i have my 3 kids and fiancée.
i see her everyday and talk to her everyday my kids get dropped off there after school and we go see her.
i feel like i'm just losing her like i did papaw and then when she passes i'm going to lose her again.
i'm extremely sad.
yes i'm depressive and on medication but medication can't help block all emotions that are happening in short periods of time.
i can't talk to a therapist face to face because they won't be back in the office till july and i can't talk to them through zoom or on the phone because i need someone there to call me out when i try to hold things back.
plus before this i constantly stay stressed and my anxiety meds just put me to sleep.
i don't want to be this stressed out all the time.
just needed to talk.
since working as a truck driver i’ve gained 30 pounds and have become super depressed and anxious.
i’m quitting and never going back.
whispers of time and space - on apple music on spotify on youtube music the 2nd album is space music for hearts full of sadness - on apple music on spotify youtube music
hello,i am the creator of breathing app called asmi.
asmi helps in providing relief from stress, anxiety and insomnia by using different breathing techniques.
the root of these breathing techniques is from yoga and specifically called pranayama.
we strongly believe that these breathing techniques knowledge should be available to all humans and should be shared in a way that is easy to understand and adopt.
android: [ios: [i hope you guys like the app and are able to enjoy the benefits.
we believe as a strong community we can support each other and beat stress and anxiety.
lastly, india is going through the worst medical crisis in the second covid wave this year.
i will request you all to keep up in your prayers.
new yorkers: are you feeling worried, sad, anxious, or depressed?
teachers college, columbia university is offering no-cost telehealth therapy as part of a research study for individuals across new york state that are struggling with emotional distress during the covid-19 pandemic.
if you are an adult between the ages of 18-65, you may be eligible to receive this innovative treatment from specially trained clinicians.
eligible participants will be compensated for brief questionnaires before and after therapy.
between therapy sessions, participants will be invited to utilize a novel internet- and mobile-based platform to supplement treatment.
for more information and to fill out a pre-screen questionnaire, please visit:
it actually helps my mental health.
this is what i've been watching[&amp;#x200b;
me trying to figure out if i’m more happy at my home that can be toxic most of the time or my university that i’m not really happy at.
i've been asked to do a survey on stress by my school.
i'd appreciate if you took the time to answer!
thanks!
hi stress final exam period.
i cannot exercise, i am physically unwell.
i need help reducing and controlling stress levels.
what i do to reduce stress, draw a little, take deep breaths, go for walks, lay down and think.
anything else, i can do?
 [
i'm only a 3rd year grad student and from now itself i'm getting very anxious and stressed about my career and life, i often feel people are constantly blaming me and i don't feel heard at all.
any advice  that might help me?
hi, just wanted to ask if stress can cause many many weird physical symptoms?
all started when my taste and smell senses decreased a lot for a few weeks, took 3 covid tests and all negative.
during the same time my right arm started to hurt, then my right leg and some time later my whole right side of body went numb (not like paralized numb but skin feels numb and tight).
i also have buzzing in my arm and leg and my fingers feel stiff (a few days ago my little toe in right leg went numb too - like really can’t move it).
and my jaw hurts a lot on the right side - that jaw thing has been going of for the last year, dentists say nothing is wrong.
i noticed that i clenched my teeth sometimes so thought that maybe i am just so stressed and this is the outcome.
but right now i don’t clench my teeth but my jaw pain is still back (with all these new symptoms).
anyway i have been to my doctor and neurologist and right now i am waiting for mris (neuro wants to eliminate ms).
when this all first started i didn’t feel more stressed or anything but now of course i am stressed.
i feel kinda fine some days and then the other days (like today) my arm and leg are in so much pain (i think nerve pain, my skin feels very sensitive and almost painful to touch too) and i just feel so weak and tired and only want to stay in bed and feel like i want to cry.
so i guess my question is that could all these symptoms be because of stress or anxiety?
my neuro seems nice but all the other doctors seemed to think and said that “maybe you are just stressed”.
of course i don’t want to get diagnose like ms from my neuro but at the same time i really would not want to believe that just stress could cause these kind of symptoms.
have anyone had similar physical symptoms and turned out it was just stress or anxiety?
could stress really make me be physically in pain or numb like this?
has anyone dealt with daily head pressure from stress/anxiety that has lasted many months 24/7 and it does not respond to over the counter medication?
since october of last year i have been dealing with head pressure, brain fog, lightheadedness, faint feeling, pressure behind eyes etc that has limited me to basically doing nothing every day due to feeling out of it.
i have went to neurologist, ent, eye doctor, hospital twice, gotten lab work such as ct, mri, mra, and mrv of the brain and every scan is clear and every doctor can't find anything.
these symptoms all came on during an insanely stressful time at the end of last year due to covid and more.
since they have on, they are 24/7 all the time and nothing has touched them or calmed them even slightly.
nothing makes the symptoms better or worse.
is it possible that my head is just in a viscous cycle where it is constantly tense or in fight/flight and it's just stick in this terrible loop causing these symptoms all the time.
i feel as if the anxiety comes from feeling these symptoms but maybe it is causing them and it's a viscous cycle that's just on autopilot subconsciously.
has anyone dealt with this and if so, what has helped you?
what is the best anxiety medication for this?
would benzo's for a short period under care of a psychiatrist help break this cycle?
any help is appreciated..
i’m leaving for army reserve training for 6.5-7months in late july.
i’m fresh out of high school and i’ve never been away from home or my family.
it’s causing me a great bit of stress and i’m looking for ways to handle it.
i have an amazing life and girlfriend at home and i’m trying to get into the right mindset.
any tips?
hey guy !
i have these very disturbing on going battle with health anxiety and i want to share my symptoms and my on going struggle with you all i hope you guys can relate ,feel free to reply :) note :- i have gone to 15 doctors (neurologist, gastroenterologist ,tons of gps )  in 2 months  now all of them prescribed me anti depressants lol i even went to  gynaecologist dont ask me why but my silly ass did i'm a medicine student and these symtoms terrifies the soul out of me .
1) muscle twitches  in my arms or somethings chest or in legs/feet that makes me think i have als.
2)burning sansation on my left  arm that makes me think i have ms or having a heart attack (rare but happens)3)weird head pressure thats not like full pressure but it is there and a constant sansation of dizziness like not actual dizziness but i can feel it, tension headache mild that makes me think i have brain tumour.
4)sensitive skin turns red even after a tiny scratch that makes me think i have skin cancer 5) my vision seems weird like everything is shaking even tho i wear glasses and have gone to the eye doctor and everything seems normal ,blame it on anxiety that makes me think im suffering from internal bleeding in my brain.
6)legs feel weak even tho i can run run, walk,   jump do normal stuff but still the sensation and physical discomfort of it ruins my day that makes me think i have cfs.
7)muscle stiffness /or joint discomfort in my thigh or in legs sometimes in arms that makes me think i have some kind of arthritis.
8)cold feeling in forehead  that makes me think blood supply to my brain is insufficient 9)internal vibration  not visible on the outside but i can feel it in the inside , mostly in the head and arms and sometimes in all body ,mostly when i wake up or im about to sleep or in the middle of the day  again makes me think i have some kind of a neurological disorder.
10)heart palpitations 11)hot flashes 12)feeling of being on a boat in a storm13)ringing in ears  ( gone to ent did get checked out everything seems fine)14)fatigue ( my cbc was normal)15)panic attacks16)depersnalization 17)vivid dreams almost every night sometimes they are horrible and quite intimidating to say atleast 18) zero interst in any thing ,i cant even play video games now which were my favourite thing to do .
19)always on the edge feeling like im dieing or having a stroke 20)emotional breakdown due to all the symptoms i've stated  doctor put me on ssris and i went cold turkey suffered the withdrawals and now these sensation make me wonna kill myself .
i feel like im dieing if anyone  can relate please reply .
hello everyone, i'm having a huge stress for about 9 months and it grows bigger everyday and i can't control it.
i'm becoming worse by the time passes, i can't think, remember, focus, relax.
i want to solve this problem but i can't get out of this situation and i'm about to explode.
i have 2 weeks to work on a lot of responsibilities but i don't have any strength in myself anymore.
when i have time in my hands i can't work anything neither i can have fun by doing my favourite activities.
it stops me living in the time, i literally can't do anything because i can't think anymore.
otherwise i don't feel i'm under heavy pressure, i became so numb.
also i'm suspicious of vitamin deficiency.
i want to hear from your experiences, thanks.
[&amp;#x200b;everyone please watch this video..this professor is amazing and shares really good info on stress and anxiety..if it has been shared already, still watch it again,..
i’ve always struggled to fall asleep so i’m wondering if quality sleep will help my stress response and mood?
lmao i've been procrastinating to do my school projects and all i can hear is the notification of my schoolbook for a next project 😀
hey everyone, this is my first post here and i was hoping i could get some advice on how i could go about handling this problemi experience some symptoms of stress without feeling stressed at all.
i grind my teeth very badly when i sleep, to the point of wearing through several mouthguards and needing a dentist-grade splint to keep my teeth safe.
if anyone could provide any input on how i can lower stress, it would be greatly appreciated
so i've had uncomfortable physiological responses while studying/taking a test for a while now.
things like palpitation, flushed face, etc.
and it was prolonged for the entire semester.
not sure if that counts as significant/chronic emotional stress.
any idea?
hello, i have been posting for nearly 7 months about the same ongoing symptoms and after all my doctors visits, scans, hospital visits, i still don't have an answer.
the symptoms i have are 24/7 and started in october of 2020 after i got my top wisdom teeth removed.
i was not sedated or put to sleep as they were not impacted.
this was also a very very stressful time due to covid, losing my job, being on awful unemployment etc.
since this time i have had 24/7 head pressure felt mainly in the top back of my head.
if i wiggle/lift my ears or raise my eyebrows i feel the pressure originating from this top back crown area but my whole head feels heavy all the time.
nothing makes it worse/better.
along with this comes horrible brain fog and lightheadedness.
i constantly feel spacey/woozy kind of like i'm outside my body or off in gravity.
i have recently noticed that the more active i try to be (when i try to workout) the more spacier and off i feel.
it's not that i'm going to fall but moreso my space in gravity is just off.
my vision is also blurry when looking at a computer screen or tv or just in general, like if i have to fill out papers my vision is blurry and off.
my vision feels like it's constantly spazzing, like nothing is sharp.
i am unable to drive especially when there are many lanes as i feel in a fog and can't accurately pick up a lot of scenery.
i also cannot go into stores because the scenery makes me lightheaded when theirs a lot going on.
i also feel pressure behind my eyes which makes my eyes tired.
my anxiety has been very high from these symptoms and if i start to panic everything gets worse.
i have been having weird anxiety riddled dreams as well as these symptoms have been here 24/7 for nearly 7 months and no doctor has a clue.
i have gotten mri, mra, mrv, ct scan.
i have been to 3 neurologists, 2 ent, emergency room twice etc and nobody has any information on what this is or how to help.
i have tried nearly every over the counter medication and a few prescriptions which don't even knock this 1%, nothing helps at all.
i am currently in the process of going to a chiropractor looking into my atlas to see if their is something functionally off causing this.
i am seeing an atlas orthogonal chiropractor.
i saw a psychiatrist for about 1.5 months and tried lexapro for that amount of time and it didn’t do anything.
if anyone has any idea of what this is or anything that can help it's greatly appreciated.
thanks
 i am studying the effects of the pandemic on mental health and if it creates a greater need for "personal health" days.
i would greatly appreciate it if you could fill out this quick 3 response survey.
if you're interested in the results or just want to see the collected data lmk :)&amp;#x200b;[mental health survey](
hi there!
i am going to be hosting a free 2 weeks email program with my wife where we are going to be sharing the best tools we've found so far to get calmer and peaceful.
it's not a magic pill nor hoo hoo work.
you will need practice and time, but it will definitely be worth it.
the program starts on monday and you will be getting:\- yoga classes at whatever level you are.
\- a breathing technique that you will be able to use everyday but especially when things are going south.
\- a powerful meditation technique that will help you be more present   \- a telegram support group   \- ... and a couple of other tools.
if you are interested, go to this webpage and subscribe: [hope you all have a great today and always.
i’ve been working through a major life for the last few weeks (breaking up with a life partner - together 12 years and living together 5 of those).
on top of the personal stress of breaking up and moving during covid, my performance at work has been poor.
despite repeated attempts to correct bad behaviors with the support of my company and manager, my performance has not improved and i am experiencing nearly daily mental breakdowns and anxiety/panic attacks.
i am also not able to sleep for more than 3-4 fitful hours a night.
at this stage i strongly believe quitting will be to the benefit of everyone.
i won’t experience the intense stress and anxiety just the thought of logging on to my work station brings and my company can get someone in to do my role with more consistency and success than i.  i don’t have another job lined up but i am applying to other roles and have a few initial discussions lined up.
am i making the wrong decision in resigning from my current job effective immediately?
for the past 3 days i’ve been so sluggish and tired.
at work my body hurts like hell and it feels longer than it usually does.
i can barely finish my schoolwork which explains my failing grade in math.
i’ve been trying my hardest to get it up.
then at kickboxing i’ve been doing the bare minimum.
my energy just isn’t the same.
i do these things for 6 days a week everyday.
it’s pretty tiring but it’ll be over soon if i keep telling myself to keep going.
finals are in 2 weeks, and my kickboxing season should be over in 8 weeks.
i just need the motivation to keep going.
i’m writing on reddit instead of taking use of my homework time 😭😭.
hello everyone, i've been having anxiety attacks for a year and a month and most of the attacks were happened in last 3 months.
with covid pandemic, we couldn't go outside and a result of this was vitamin d3 deficiency for me.
i am 16 years old, male and i'm aware of what my age brings upon me.
i fought against myself for almost a year, got the blood results and sat very disappointed.
i knew myself very well and i'm not a person who gets affected by emotions so easily.
and i didn't have anything can hit me to ground.
just nothing.
i knew it was a biological thing but with these circumstances i couldn't get any help.
i want to describe myself,my problems and the help i want to have from you.
i'm a very thinking person, have so much opinions, knowledge on many things.
i love philosophy and music.
these two things are my favourite in my life.
sadly, i can't even remember myself, thoughts, artists i love, songs i live with, past i had lived and so on.
i've been having these compliments since february 2020; can't remember things, can't think about anything, can't concentrate, always feeling tired and the list goes on.
long story short, i kinda have a fog on my brain (i thought about this when i was new to these).
i always found a solution for my problems and never disappointed myself but i can't get out of this anymore.
i fought back with this 6 times maybe and i don't have any morale to stand up for one more time.
i can't express myself anymore; my school, relationships, inner peace is getting effected heavily everyday.
i'm losing my abilities, my skills are diminishing, my creativity is fading away.
i can't listen to music anymore, can't find a purpose, can't use my time efficiently anymore.
my vitamin d3 results are on the floor.
the low vitamin limit is 20 mg/l and mine is 5.4 mg/l.
i started taking 3.000 iu daily supplement for almost 2 months and i am a lot better than before but the psychological consequences are still upon me.
i talked with a friend of mine and they said you may have anxiety.
i agree with this, my last few months corrupted by it and depression.
i am not a depression person and know how to fight against but heavy stress from my school is blocking my way out and i feel hopeless.
i'm afraid of losing my thoughts, my mind, my personality, everything i love and care, interest in my hobies.
i read that vitamin d is the background of these diseases.
also i'm having sleep problems for months, this is a factor too.
please enlighten me if you know about this and had experiences.
thanks.
i'm sorry if i used english bad, complicated.
i'm in a very tough situation while writing this, please understand me, i can't even write things in my mind i'm so sorry about this.
i am in a user experience design program and developing an application for stress management to be used by life coaches with their clients.
if you can help me by answering this survey it will really help my project, help me get a job, and also increase my own understanding of stress in my life.
thank you for your time and i hope it is okay to post this here.
i did not see any rules against it.
\\\[survey](\\\
hi, i’m an indian citizen and as those who keep a tab on world news would know, we’re going through a devastating second wave in india at the moment.
our government is highly incompetent, and is led by people who led pogroms against minorities.
their lack of empathy is our there, where our people (not the the poorest ones but especially them) are dying without oxygen.
our government did not plan in one whole year, and now we have no vacant hospital beds, no icu beds, no ventilators in the national capital and other states.
basics such as oxygen cylinders are a struggle to purchase, and thousands are dying each day, among which a lot of deaths are those that could’ve been avoided.
people are asking for help on twitter and instagram while there is no centralised helpline till now in world’s “largest democracy”.
so, of course, all of this is highly stressful.
one worries not just about their own selves and families, but such a devastating state of affairs takes a toll in a lot of ways.
i can only understand in part what war torn countries go through.
however, i do have the privilege of staying indoors (and help in whatever capacity i can through my social media).
in addition to this, my lover moved countries right before this started happening, so that it also troubling at a personal level.
i am writing here to seek help from all of you on how to cope with this.
i have been struggling with work-life balance and productivity for the longest time.
and at work, i decided to write an article about work-life balance.
i spoke with professionals about their tips and i hope these tips could help you all achieve a healthier work life balance.
[tips to achieve a healthier work life balance ](
every time someone asks me about what is currently stressing me out i get hives and every time i think about the problems i get new tiny rashes.
the rashes are scattered all over my body and they're starting to hurt.
has anyone had this problem before and if so what did you do to resolve it?
any replies are greatly appreciated.
bit of a rant - just wanted to know if anyone else felt the same (excuse the word vomit, i've been up since 6:30 am for an exam).
it's finals week and anxiety/stress is at an all time consistent high.
on top of that, our family puppy has been great but i think my school anxiety has trickled in to me worrying over him more than i should, and i constantly get overwhelmed with all the things i have to get done.
i can't even enjoy food because i am always thinking too much and get caught up in the stress of school.
i literally was eating and saw my puppy sleeping, and i immediately said "wow he's depressed isn't he" when he's just sleeping.
i went out to get food, totally fine, no problem.
as soon as i got home it hit me again with all the stuff i have to do.
the pandemic has 1000% affected my mental health especially recently, where i don't get any enjoyment of stuff at home because i am always in front of a damn computer screen.
i used to see home as a place to leave behind stress from school, and now i see home as the place where i do everything and there's no distinction between relaxing and school.
but - the one thing i can hold onto is that it is going to pass.
all of this is going to pass at some point, the brain is just rewiring itself because of the situation happening globally.
it's going to be okay, the only way to eat an elephant is one bite at a time.
if this spoke to anyone out there, feel free to let me know how you're feeling.
how are you coping?
\\and if there's any puppy pros in the crowd, please let me know what you did to help release some of that feeling of wanting constantly to helicopter over them during times of stress.
when i feel relieved, i don't feel any need to check on him constantly or obsess over little things around the house, just when i am overwhelmed; and then, i don't get anything productive done anyways.
i always remind myself i am not alone - and neither are you.
even talking to strangers about it can be soothing in a way, just a little reminder that there's someone else out there in your boat during such a difficult time.
my counselor said to normalize what is normal during an abnormal time period.
and also, don't forget to tell your pets you love them.
hey guys, i've started stuttering basically out of the blue a year ago at 22 years of age... i don't really know the cause of it, it could be drugs, medications i take (valium and sulpiride), could also be major traumatic events i've experienced throughout my life..basically it started as i know one day when i was out with my mom and my sister.
that day i've experienced severe depersonalization and remember when we were talking about something, it was my turn to talk but at the first word of the sentence i startet to repeat the first letter over and over again and just stopped talking.. we were just sitting there silently embarrassed about what had just happened lol..i do remember a month ago before this event when i was taking speed (amphetamine) i just had a mild stutter at a sentence once a week and didn't think anything of it.. anyways, from that event with my mom and sister i kind of developed a fear of stuttering and started to research stuttering and it just became worse...it kind of became a habit to stutter as always before speaking to anyone i would think of how not to stutter and of course it worked the opposite as you all know..most people don't even know i stutter because i hide it pretty well, i would stop before a stutter and kinda pretend i'm thinking or jus say "umm" and try to find the right word i would not stutter on.. i've also asked my mom if i've ever stuttered as a child, she said that i didn't.. so i think that developemental stuttering is out of the picture.. and also no one in my family had any kind of speech disorder..i really don't know what to do with this, i'm constantly stressing myself out.. i've said to myself that i would never go to a speech specialist because i would think about my stutter even more, i just try to forget about it.. and it sometimes works when i'm happy or preoccupied with something that i don't have time to think about my speech.. i'm also scared shittless of going to a neurologist because i'm a bit of a hypochondriac lol.. and the fact that i've started to forget things, words, sometimes i can't understand a sentence and have to read it 10 times to even try to understand it, but it happens very rarely.. all of rhis could be because of the medication or sever stress.. i really don't know.. so basically i'm asking you guys if you ever had a similar experience, or if you know anyone who experienced something like this.. it could also be that i'm so fucked up mentally that i've just imagined my stutter and the fear of it keeps it alive lol
so i'm really not a depressed person at all, probably more the opposite, but when i am in a really stressful situation at work (especially when i mess something up) i honestly feel like killing myself.
i wouldn't do it because i have a wife and kids, but can anyone relate to this feeling?
it's especially strong when i feel like i'm not good at my job.
hi all, i hope you are well.
i had a crazy amount of stress/trauma last year convincing myself i had cancer.
this chronic stress lasted from april 2020 until january 2021.i now have crazy nausea everyday and my digestion is all over the place.
can stress have such an impact?
alright, so let me get this straight.
i often find myself getting overwhelmed by the least amount of homework and i’m only in grade 12. for example, i get 2 sheets of homework and i often find myself breaking down and just giving up, even though i never felt like this before.
i just get overwhelmed break down for no apparent reason.
even when i’m free, i don’t really feel free.
what is going on, does anybody know or can help me?
anyone get sometimes heart flutters ?
i always get worried .
but have been checked out by cardiologists
 new yorkers: are you feeling worried, sad, anxious, or depressed?
teachers college, columbia university is offering no-cost telehealth therapy as part of a research study for individuals across new york state that are struggling with emotional distress during the covid-19 pandemic.
if you are an adult between the ages of 18-65, you may be eligible to receive this innovative treatment from specially trained clinicians.
eligible participants will be compensated for brief questionnaires before and after therapy.
between therapy sessions, participants will be invited to utilize a novel internet- and mobile-based platform to supplement treatment.
for more information and to fill out a pre-screen questionnaire, please visit:
i am a healthcare worker and i only moved to my current city last year.
i don't have many friends here aside from work friends and a couple friends i met through my boyfriend.
lately, i have felt an overwhelming sense of anxiety and stress.
it seems like everyone around me does not care anymore that there is a pandemic going on.
with this back and forth of restrictions and uncertainties, many people seem to just be so sick of it and have started to ignore the restrictions and hanging out as normal.
working in healthcare, especially as a frontline worker, i have a hard time doing that.
i certainly don't want to be the person to be a super spreader since i work at multiple sites.
they typically have gatherings that involve drinking and ending up indoors.
i feel like such a prude for wanting to follow the guidelines and just have outdoor gatherings so i don't end up going.
i wish i had some friends who are still taking precautions.
i understand that it seems like the light at the end of the tunnel seems to be just a glimmer these days but if people stop caring now, won't that just drag things out??
it's not fair that this just prolongs the suffering for those who are actually being careful.
feeling overwhelmingly alone in this lately.
hello fellow redditors i’m building an e-commerce ebook site, come by and browse around — get yourself a free book on me using code givebooks at checkout.
i’d recommend “5 ways to eliminate stress”happy reading &amp; have yourself a stress free day!
-felixgetsmartebooks.com
(background; my actual car is a manual and it got reversed into the other day so driving an automatic hire car)last night i was driving with my girlfriend back to her house and i felt a bit sick in the stomach and was just sitting in silence, i was in my own world stressing about my car and life in general - i was driving at about 80-90km/h and for the first time ever i mistakenly thought i was still in my own car and as something went into my eye i went to downshift so i could keep a bit of control and speed whilst i fix my eye and i hit the break with my left foot.
in the 1 second it took to process everything and think about everything that was going on and as i was going to take my foot off the break the car that was behind me smashed into us and caused a 4 car accident.
yes, it was a very honest mistake, it was the first time it’s ever happened and i thank god no one was seriously hurt.
the car behind me seemed too close but i just can’t help being depressed about the whole situation; if i would’ve stopped at a service station earlier or been in a different lane would it still have happened?
am i the one at fault because i made that small mistake?
why did it have to happen when my girlfriend was in the car with me?
just why?
i feel like everyone has the right to push me down and say i’m in the wrong and i feel everyone should criticise me and make me feel like the piece of trash i am.
people keep saying accidents happen and sometimes god puts us through things we don’t understand and that they’ve done the same thing too when driving an automatic but i can’t help but feel like they’re just taking pity on me and don’t want me to feel bad when i should.
tldr; was the front car in an accident and i don’t think i’m at fault but can’t help but feel like i am.
just need some help on how to stop stressing and feeling like this.
anyone heart ever like “jiggle “ or gets super high from drinking coffee ?
as posted a few nights ago i woke up middle night having a panic attack .
can panic attacks last hours ?
lasted from 12-3:30 .
had to take more xanax than i usually do .
heart was racing whole time
i guess this is a vent of sorts.
i just feel the need to express just how stressed out i get the day before my next shift starts.
it’s early a.m.
and i should have been asleep hours ago but i’m stressing.
i’d quit this job in a minute if i had another one to go to but given the pandemic and other roadblocks, that possibility is is pretty small.
i want more than anything to move back home but i’m stuck and that only adds to the stress.
i have an amazing memory and can think on my feet in most situations.
until i'm late for something (appointment, meet a friend, a date once).
then i don't remember anything.
i'll even go the wrong directions out of habit and not catch it for 10 or even 20 minutes.
occasionally when people are mad at me i'll often not remember anything, like if a problem happens i don't even remember that i took steps to avoid it and think it's completely my fault when it was an accident or someone elses mistakes, even when i mention those steps in writing.
i hate not being able to remember things when i'm stressed.
i sometimes won't even remember facts until a day or two later if it was stressful enough.
is there something i can do?
as the earth rotates daily on its axis, every morning the sun brings light to the darkness, warmth and comfort to the chill of night, photo synthesis to plants, and security to humans.
it's for this reason that as far back as 14,000 8.c.e., adoration of the sun has been sketched onto stone tablets and cave walls.
countless mythologies (including civilizations in ancient egypt and mesopotamia, the mayans and the aztecs, and the australian aborigines, to name just a few) have extolled the sun as worthy of worship, as well as a source of enlightenment, illumination, and wisdom.
while the sun may be almost 93 million miles away, when it becomes active it has significant consequences to life on earth because the earth and the sun are related by electromagnetic fields.
on a grand scale, it is impossible to deny the interconnectivity between the sun's energy, the earth's energy, and the energy of all living species.
on a micro level, all you have to do is look at the life cycle of a fruit or vegetable to understand this interdependence.
consciously absorbing that energy to combine with your own spiritual energy has tremendous benefits for your astral body, physical health and much more.
your spiritual energy goes under many different names like spiritual chills, euphoria, voluntary goosebumps, ecstasy, prana, chi, qi, vayus, aura, mana, life force, pitī, rapture, ruah, ether, nephesch, chills, frissons, the force and many more.
here's a 3 minute [youtube video]( expanding more on the benefits and how to, actually absorb the energy from the sun, through your own self-induced voluntary goosebumps from positive events/thoughts/memories/feelings.
no, it is not a tumour, i have had mris, eegs etc.
so essentially, i struggle to find the words that i want to say.
i often stutter, and repeat a few words like 2-3 times every now and then.
this is over the last few years (currently 23).
i find there are days where my head is completely clear, and i feel like my head is clear of all clutter and can find every word i want to say.
looking back on these days, i find that i have been surrounded by people i love and am comfortable with.
where i feel accepted.
so i do not struggle to say things and can speak freely.
the next day i tend to feel amazing and can speak freely as well.
the following days, it reverts back to the same tension and struggle to find words.
it would appear that it might be related to me not feeling accepted anywhere?
or not feeling confident?
i am hoping someone has experienced this and knows of any exercises that can relieve this tension and allow me to think and speak freely.
(i eat well, meditate, exercise, have a lovely family, lovely relationship, i do see a neurologist for other reasons and yes i am aware that this could be related but i want to explore simple stress techniques as well, so please please please if you can, just provided some exercises that may help)thank you guys so much.
hey reddit.
i have a stupid idea but i might go for it.
i'm gonna offer my ex money.
i can afford it, and maybe it could help him in his situation.
because of his situation, he is considering suicide - at least if you can trust his latest post on this page.
we just broke up and it was a bad breakup.
i decided i would cut him off completely and not reply no matter what.
he did some efforts to reach me and i ignored him for 3 days.
last night he messaged me saying that i could talk to him if i needed to, and i replied today (because of my intentions.)
i decided to drop my ego but i'm stressed out waiting for a reply because my gut feeling says that he won't reply, as a payback.
now i don't even know if  his suicide plan is real but it worries me a lot.
it could be a dirty trick to get my attention or he just meant to say goodbye for the last time.
i don't know for real, that also stresses me out.
thinking about him makes me feel extremly bad.
contacting him feels completely wrong, but the reason i even wanna give him these money is because i care about him, i did promise to help him out and also that i want to be a good person that keeps her promises.
hi reddit, i have come to a point where my brain is full of negative self talk.
i feel stressed and anxious towards life.
im 18 and in 2 months i have a huge and very difficult exam that seems to be "defining my life from now on".
i feel like im doing everything wrong and i cant find peace.
i still dont know what do to with my life and recently i have gone through some very scary life events...had a very very bad pregnancy scare, got sick, my family has covid, i had bad grades and my mom also wants to get away and live alone...which i agree with her i just feel like im getting shot from multiple directions at the same time and i dont know how to handle my life anymore.
i keep focusing on what i did wrong and i cant stop thinking about it and procastinating  punishing myself for every wrong step.
i need advice.
thank you for reading this far, have a great day.
 overthinking kills both externally and internally , don't think too much .
leave your all thought aside and take deep breath and make your mind free of everything.
“it's a good idea always to do something relaxing prior to making an important decision in your life.”– paulo coelhofollow me for more quotes
my heart rate been 120 i think i’m having a bad bout of anxiety .
how long does your high heart rate last for ?
mine has been hoursalso whenever i move or turn it races
work is such a huge stress in my life.
i am a recent cancer survivor (2017) and work is still worse.
why do i care so much?
my very kind boss gave me two days off and i still can not turn off my brain.
i am looking for a new position.
i have to fin something better.
got checked by so many cardiologist.
i had one drink 4 hours ago but my heart has been racing all night i took xanax which usually calms it down but i didn’t .
idk what to doedit : usually .5 of my xanax would help me but i had to take 2 and 1/2 of them within a couple hours to relax .
if you are really anxious does it take more xanax to help you calm down ?
hi everyone, for the last few weeks i’ve been feeling very off:i feel like i’m living in a dream, like almost drunk but not quite drunk.
like i’m disconnected and out of it.
i feel like i’m living behind a glass, no quite “in my life”i’ve been having pressure around the back of my neck, the back of my head, (not a headache just pressure) and i sometimes feel like my eyes are being pushed too.
i had blood work done, and everything seems fine, i had a negative covid test twice, antibody test for covid came out negative... checked for lyme disease, heavy metals, and other common things but everything keeps coming back negative.
at this point i’m wondering if this is related to anxiety/stress.
in the last year, like most of us i’m sure, i’ve been dealing with lots of emotional ups and downs, i suffered from my first panicked attack las summer but things improved a bit after that so didn’t have to take any medication or continue with a therapist.
my logical brain wants to tell me that symptoms like the described above are no way related to anxiety disorders or chronic stress but i’m desperate to understand what’s happening to me.
could you please share if you have ever felt this way and your experiences or knowledge?
i’m waiting for another doctors appointment on monday but for the meantime i’m trying to calm down because at this point i’m thinking it could be something seriously wrong with my brain (like a tumor or infection)thanks so much for you help!
o k the title is long but how should i help with my stress it might also be being fully remote or the fact i haven’t been getting good grades or maybe it’s when i have to hike and on the way i have to listen to music i don’t like for a few hours straight ok i’m being dramatic it’s not big of a deal it’s just headaches from loud music i don’t like and bad grades.
and feeling guilty for things that aren’t my fault do any of you know why that is?
i recently got covid and while i recovered, along with the stress from work, i realized that i can’t seem to find a healthy way of managing stress, making the continuous build up turn into anxiety attacks.
along with all the above i’m also trying to quit smoking and my bad stress management seems to make things harder in that department too.
can you provide me with some tips in order to build a healthy relationship with my stress and anxiety?
will a hobby like drawing help in that situation?
hi everyone!
here's a guided [video]( of a stress-relieving meditation called alternate nostril breathing for anyone who's interested.
the instructor is a german doctor who got certified to teach yoga in nepal and figured we'd make a video.
hope you enjoy :)
for some reason for last night and tonight going to sleep has had me very anxious.
i literally cried both nights.
it is currently 2:51am and i have school.
the only thing that calms me down is youtube but even then it’s hard for me to sleep.
if you can help with this problem i would be super happy for your help.
thank you for reading especially if you commented or are going comment help
i feel like my mind is actually breaking.
i feel like i can feel literal cracks on my brain.
it's painful.
constant headache.
stiffness in the neck.
hard to speak.
hard to think.
my job is completely stressful.
when i'm there i'm constantly looking at my computer screen doing work.
if not one thing then 3 different things at once.
i don't take breaks outside of lunch.
i feel like everyone at my office hates me.
they think i'm "boring".
no.
i'm just the only one in the office who doesn't have anyone friends, relationships, or fun outside of the office.
i don't have a lot of fun and exciting experiences in life so i literally have nothing to talk about.
i"m judged negatively for this everyday.
i beat me self up for this everyday.
its like i'm being jumped by a bunch of bullies and i'm the worst one.
support doesn't exist.
i live with people i don't talk to at all.
no love.
i'm unattractive to everyone.
i feel like people are just mannequins waiting to tell me that i need to do more or i haven't done enough....they want me to go out and experience things they don't want to be a part of.
it's like if you don't want to be a part of my life then don't "help" me.
you are a person too.
i'm looking at you too.
i'm trying to talk to you too.
i'm trying to build a relationship with you too.
everyone acts like you.
everyone wants to "help" me like you.
everyone wants to push me away like you.
none of you are different.
that's why i don't talk.
no one is different.
no one wants to build anything with me.
everyone expects my life to already be built so i can entertain them from a distance.
i want love.
i want friends.
i want a girlfriend.
i want to have fun times with people who want to have fun times with me.
life's not worth living otherwise.
 new yorkers: are you feeling worried, sad, anxious, or depressed?
teachers college, columbia university is offering no-cost telehealth therapy as part of a research study for individuals across new york state that are struggling with emotional distress during the covid-19 pandemic.
if you are an adult between the ages of 18-65, you may be eligible to receive this innovative treatment from specially trained clinicians.
eligible participants will be compensated for brief questionnaires before and after therapy.
between therapy sessions, participants will be invited to utilize a novel internet- and mobile-based platform to supplement treatment.
for more information and to fill out a pre-screen questionnaire, please visit:
anyone get high heart rate , sharp chest pains , ear ringing ?
from being anxious ?
hello,i am conducting a survey as part of my degree in psychology at the university of derby to evaluate the impact of green spaces on mental health.
specifically, this study aims at analysing the effect of the number of visits, awareness levels while in green spaces and the type of greenspace visited on stress levels.
accordingly, i am seeking your participation in the study.
the survey is expected to take about 5 minutes.
it will present certain questions about your visits to greenspaces over the last month and some other questions related to your general stress levels during that period.
your participation will be a valuable addition to our research and findings and could lead to a better understanding of the impact of green spaces on mental health.
here's the link to the survey: [
lo-fi study (relaxing beats in lo-fi scale)- [childish gambino playlist- [frank ocean playlist- [powerful female vocals (female acoustic and pop with powerhouse voices)- [blonded radio (alternative rnb and relaxation music)- [house music for you ravers!- [
i'm not a newbie, i've been at this company for more than three years so i know what my job is.
but for the past couple of months i've been anxious at the start of my shift and as i progress (by midday) i feel stress on my right shoulder or trap.
this always happens daily and i feel that i'm not the most stressed only when its my rest day.
so i tend to get more done during those days compared to my normal days on shift.
hoping that folks could share insights or help me out with techniques to improve when i am on shift.
thank you.
hello everyone i'm psychology student in amsterdam and we need a lot of participants being university students between 18-25 years old.
we are currently studying the relationship between stress and mindfulness and whether there are any gender differences ;)here you can access the link, thanks a lot guys!
:))[
in 2018 problems arise in my marriage.
in 2019 we divorced.
she left me for her manager.
in addition chronic caffeine addiction from 2018 till now and 6 months alcolism.
currently my conscious mind is happg, positive and confident in the future.
but my subconscious mind and nervous system is still completely burnt.
it really holds me back because i still have major sleeping problems.
but the rage and anger in my mind and body is still very present.
how do i deal with this.
i am so done with this.
if i wake up i can't sleep any more and start sweating.
doesn't matter whether is sleep 2 or 5 hours.
hey everyone hope you’re doing ok.
i’m so stressed right now, i had college assignments and let them stack up because i kept thinking “i’ll do it later!” now i have two months or less to complete 5 assignments.
i thought i had one almost done but i lost the file and i realised i needed to redraw it to add more stuff.
i know what i need to do but don’t know how to start them, especially the essays.
i feel so stupid.
my mum said i should tell the teachers about my mental health problems and i think they would help but i’m ashamed.
i feel like the most unorganised person in the class and don’t want them to think i’m just coming out with excuses for being lazy or something.
i’m panicking and can’t think straight.
it’s like 10 at night right now and i’m exhausted and have college tomorrow but feel like i need to do everything right now.
can anyone please help me
i'm in college which is being held online.
i'm living with family.
for some reason, the admins decided to not give a spring break this semester (so we have no breaks), and cut the semester shorter by a week.
we're in the final weeks, and since the length is a week shorter, the professors are cramming 2 weeks worth of material in one.
it's been very stressful, since these topics are harder, and there have been more projects.
i haven't been able to swallow food for a while now.
i feel hungry, but when i try to swallow, i basically dry heave or even throw up if i swallow.
i've been to a hospital and done tests, and they didn't find any abnormalities with my body, so i'm assuming this is caused by stress.
this has never happened before, and i have lost a lot of weight because of this.
i only eat about 1 meal a day (eat a little for each meal).
i only have 2 weeks + 1 week of finals left, but i honestly feel like i can't focus on studying anymore.
whenever i try to do homework, i end up sitting there for hours, making only a little progress.
anti-anxiety medication isn't available in my country, and my parents don't believe in them anyway.
i really don't know any other solution.
any advice?
integrated health stress management!
mental health matters and tips to live healthier!
does anyone get sharp gas pains in their chest ?
i’m assuming that’s what it is i’ve been eating healthier and a lot of veggies .
got a full heart check up because my anxiety makes me think something is wrong .
but now whenever i gets pain in my chest i freak out
i have immersed myself into my career at the company i have been working with for 5 years this march.
i am in my mid 20's and in a position that everyone said i couldn't do when i was promoted.
the first 3 months were rough, but i learned from my mistakes and got comfortable and do my job well.
&amp;#x200b;the first year and a half in management i was always stressed, but i was not as overwhelmed as i am now, and i seemed to enjoy myself outside of work more.
i got to a point around the 2 year mark in management where i was super comfortable where i was and was working regular hours (45 hours a week or so).
when coronavirus hit, it was like our workflow increased, with less people to work, and more demand on us as managers.
i went through one of the hardest summers working with minimal help, doing more projects then ever.
follow this by hurricane sally, worked 60+ hours for a few weeks, customers constantly not being understanding of the situation and only making me feel like i was failing them, to no fault of my own.
the next few months my workload seemed to grow exponentially, but i was unable to focus and keep up with where i know i need to be.
i eventually go to the doctor and test for adhd and get prescribed adderall.
( i should add i was already taking adderall at times for a month or two prior because i could not focus at work whatsoever).
the adderall helped me more then i could've hoped, i was now as high functioning as i used to be and was knocking work out.
it has leveled out some now and i feel normal on it now but still get positive results out of it.
&amp;#x200b;now i am in the same boat as last spring, 40% of employees i need to keep up with workflow, certain material is hard to come by or non existent, constant weather issues, and customers just keep approving work.
i am working almost always 7 days a week.
i'm up by 445 and wont get home until 5 or 6 on average but i have a few days every week  i work till 7 or 8 to finish a job or get material.
i now even spent my money to setup an office at home so i could work in my free time just to try and catch up.
we are working skeleton crews, and seems there is no end in sight to the labor shortage.
a lot of the responsibilities i feel so overwhelmed and stressed by are ones i have taken on myself, because no one else was.
i have an ownership mentality and treat this business as it was my own.
&amp;#x200b;now that's the work part of it....i had an almost 5 year relationship with the girl i was in love with, that ended in me heartbroken and afraid to trust any one.
i kept to myself but talked to a few women here and there.
i found one, that i had any real connection with, and that ended as a failed relationship.
i fell more in love with this woman then i ever felt with my previous girlfriend, and was in a dark place when she left.
follow this by months of me feeling like i wasn't enough and no one i wanted, wanted me.
i have a handful of good friends, and a couple that are one of a kind.
but i always feel like i am bothering them, or just there to be there but i know this is me overthinking and all that.
i also rented a house with my "best friend" that has turned into a nightmare.
can't say anything without him getting defensive, no help around the yard or house, constantly taking advantage of me being nice.
he was also working with me and turned into a bum and was missing work constantly and always so negative to be around.
so add all that stress at work and come home to a house you hate the other person there and have to dread being home until he moves out.
the past two months have been the hardest i've ever dealt with mentally and physically.
i'm working 10-12 hours a day and coming home and putting proposals or schedules together.
i feel like i cant take a day off, much less a whole weekend.
its like we are batting against the odds and something goes wrong every week.
but we are also doing great and revenue out the wazoo.
all while working salary and not being compensated for the overtime.
i feel like im about to explode.
every day i feel like i'm about to have a meltdown and crash mentally.
my mental health seems to have  its days.
some are great, some are just days, and some days i just want to stop.
&amp;#x200b;how can i cope with all this stress that i take on myself and cant leave "at work".
i have three health problems that are all triggered or worsened by stress.
and predictably i have severe anxiety and basically everything stresses me out.
i have a high stress job, and three kids (2 of which have complicated health problems).
when reading about helping my health problems the literature always says reduce stress... but how?
how do i just stop stressing when it’s my first reaction all of the time?
i am 20 and trying to move out when i get the money.
i live with my mum and my younger sister who's 16. they dont tidy up after themselves and i consider myself someone who has to have things tidy to feel normal.
its got to the point where every single time i go downstairs its a mess and i either end up shouting and getting angry or crying.
i cant cope with having to constantly clean up after them and i know if i just stop itll build up and be messy.
nobody helps me.
just needed to vent because idk what advice to receive.
i'm sorry if my formatting isn't great, i'm writing this on a mobile.
i came home from food shopping around two hours ago and after a short period of time noticed that my dog, claude had chewed through the blind in the living room.
he hasn't been destructive in the short amount of time i've had him so it really threw me.
it may not seem like much, but i saved for a little while to get the blind and when i saw it i just broke down into sobs.
this isn't supposed to be a 'woe is me' post but something so small has sent me into a tailspin.
whenever i get stressed or something bad happens, (usually relating to money) my go to emotion is abject negativity.
not intentionally but all i saw is black and something minor can ruin my mood for the whole day, sometimes even days at a time.
i don't have any other coping mechanisms other than to completely shut down.
claude is a new addition to my home after i lost my two previous pups only three months apart.
i know he hasn't done it to upset me, dogs don't think or act that way but it hasn't stopped me from crying.
money is always so tight here and i just didn't need this right now.
so i'm writing my final assignment for uni after 4 years.
it's due in 2 days and i have 5000 words left to write.
i was diagnosed with covid just over 2 weeks ago which has left me really behind.
i'm still suffering with brain fog and anxiety from covid and i am finding this an impossible task.
i'm not someone who quits but i genuinely dont know how i will do this.
i cant concentrate at all on the paper and i dont know how i can keep going with it.
not sure why i'm writing this.
i guess i just need to have a moment to panic and stress.
it can pass through anything because it basically is the same frequency type that a radio transmitter puts out.
the frequency that you're transmitting from your brain is smaller, but, it has a unique characteristic, unlike radio frequencies.
which is that the frequency that your brain transmits can instantaneously travel faster than the speed of light and if transmitted can be picked up the exact same moment by another human brain on the opposite end of the planet.
(energy and frequency are the same.)
everything on planet earth emits a different frequency.
a frequency is also called a vibration.
it's also called energy.
it is quantifiable and it is measurable.
every atom emits a frequency.
your dna at the lowest level emits a unique frequency.
so your brain is a receiver and a transmitter a frequency.
that's the first concept and the second concept is the law of attraction.
which says, whatever frequency you emit, that exact same frequency is drawn to you.
there will be a magnetic pull.
and this is a scriptural principle.
for those of you who are christians, jewish, muslims, hindus or buddhists.
all these books teach very similar concepts.
what you sow, also you reap.
when you put out a frequency the law of attraction says it must come back.
law of attraction says by magnetic pull that has to bring that exact same frequency back.
which is based on whatever vibration you put out whatever frequency that your brain, emotions, body and electromagnetic field puts out.
it will attract and it will defy any physical law.
self-induced goosebumps, from positive stimulis, allows you to take 100% control of your transmitter by vibrating different parts of your body, and is also able to, as a gentle euphoric vibrating wave travels underneath your skin (sometimes cold and other times hot) vibrate your whole physical body.
when doing so, you consciously activate your physical and spiritual body to attract whatever intention, narrative, thought and emotions that are present whenconsciously summoning your self-induced goosebumps.
goosebumps is just the physical reaction, but underneath it, theres a real vibrating wave that can be looked at as energy.
i've found many names for this energy like spiritual chills, euphoria, voluntary goosebumps, ecstasy, prana, chi, qi, vayus, aura, mana, life force, pitī, rapture, ruah, ether, nephesch, chills, frissons, the force and many more.
if you would like to know how to activate at will, fully control your spiritual chills and how its an important ingredient to the law of attraction, here's a five minute video explaining just that.
[youtube video]( .
my husband and i of 25 years want to move to vancouver island.
his mom lives there and is not doing well.
our 23 year old daughter lives with us but she doesn't want to move with us.
we have decided to purchase a 5th wheel and live in it on the island.
we live in a 2800sq ft house and have to downsize.
we are drowning in debt because my husband hasn't worked much since the pandemic hit.
our bills are all behind including our rent by 4 months.
we are posting items to sell online, people just aren't buying anything!
we are waiting for the small business grant to come and he applied for the extra 20k loan from the government but hasn't heard anything about that either.
how is everyone getting by if they are self employed and haven't worked?
any ideas on how to post my stuff so people will by it?
i'm not pricing it high, and the items are in excellent shape!
i need some advice on how to not be so stressed about money and life, even though we have a chance of being evicted and utilities cut off.
lately i’ve felt so stressed and burnt out.
all i want to do is sleep and forget about everything i’m stressing about.
i wish i could be a better friend, girlfriend, and support system.
i’m doing my best but feel like i could do better.
it’s like i can’t focus.
i’m always worrying.
i have no idea how i can relax.
tldr i am pretty concerned about some physiological changes that have emerged after periods of high intensity stress.
i am curious if others can relate or can offer advice about how to proceed to get it fixed.
in short, i think i have a depletion of stress hormones and i don't know if this is likely, or to have it checked and resolved.
long storynaturally a high stress person.
always very hard on myself and very anxious in consequence.
i have a very low threshold for stress activation.
any time i needed to perform at a high level, or anytime there was adversity in my life, i felt the stress strongly.
had several years of intense stress.
felt physically depleted, emotionally mercurial and my cognitive function has noticeably declined.
i have had chronic insomnia for almost 4 years now  with no improvement in cognitive function during brief periods when it resolves.
after that period, i felt like i couldn't feel physiological stress anymore, just subjective stress.
but it is the physiological stress helps me mobilize myself to act and get things done.
so i am super ineffective, all over the place cognitively and struggle to motivate myself.
this is a problem because i am doing my msc during the pandemic, and need to be able to motivate myself.
it scares me how little anxiety i feel, even though i care.
people think i don't care and that is not the case.
i seem unmotivated, but i am not.
i want to excel, but can't mobilize myself.
i believe it might be a dopamine or stress hormone depletion rather than depression or related.
it felt a lot like i did when i had anemia several years prior, but i was taking supplements, so my levels are unlikely to be low.
what do i do?
this is very damaging for my performance in my msc, my career and my personal trajectory.
is there a way to treat this with supplements (ex: tryptophan is the precursor to dopa), to get tested and get medication?
has anyone experienced this and what did your doctor recommend?.
i’m so unbelievably stressed about my exams.
it always comes on when i go to bed, right before i sleep i think about it and my heart starts pounding like a mf.
i’m trying to get top grades, and since i have done bad this last exam is all i got to get good grade.
really hope i do well though.
from the beginning of my driving lesons i was really bad at it.
i was scared and unable to apply anything i learnd in theory to the actual drivign.
it didnt help that my instructor is older nervous man who would make me feel bad about myself all the time.
i had to take bunch of additional hours and i am still really really bad at it.
now im driving for a few months but i started to question my mental ability to be a driver at all.
i feel like im not supposed to get my licence beacuse im so bad and insecure.
i managed to fail my first exam and now i need to go again on monday and i feel so sad and so afraid because i think that i will fail again.
i dont even want to drive after all of this but i just want to be done with it because driving lessons are extremely expensive in my country.
whenever i make a mistake at work (as i did yesterday/this morning), especially when it involves a client, i become very depressed and stressed.
i even want to quit.
then for quite a long time, i'm haunted by it to where it clouds out other things.
really, though, my job is becoming too stressful.
i have been at it for 20 years.
last summer and then again this past monday, i was "semi-promoted" - not doing too much different but the company is making an investment of trust (and more money) in me.
i didn't ask for these promotions and have been wanting to leave.
this just digs me in deeper and brings on too many expectations that i can't handle.
my boss, parents, and friends all have my back but i'm so stress from work.
i cant get out of my head and i think work is going to be so stressful tomorrow.
 [
hi all,the second wave of covid-19 in india is giving me and my family a lot of stress.
we’re inside our home since the last one month or so &amp; seeing the ground level situation of covid here is scary af.
the only thing helping us keeping us sane is minimal news, meditation, sleep, self care activities and practicing affirmations.
here’s a list of 10 calming affirmations that have really helped me and my family.
hope this helps you.
please stay safe guys 🙏🏻
i’m at my breaking point.
might call the doctor today cause i just don’t know how to deal with my stress.
it’s affecting my health, which stresses me out even more.
i’ve also never been good at managing my stress, and have always found podcasts and reading as patronizing, even though i know it’s all in my best interest.
can someone please help with techniques?
maybe somethin than yoga or meditation?
i have to fix this before it gets worse.
i am sure covid has been extra stressful for everyone, countless people have lost their jobs, their health has deteriorated and i'm sure students can relate that online classes have been extremely stressful.
i do also understand where the professors stand, they had to shift their whole life to sitting in front of a computer to teach to a bunch of unenthusiastic students who won't even turn their cameras on, but, at the same time, we too are overpaying for an educational experience that isn't an experience at all.
sitting at our computers all day, rushing to finish deadlines and studying for tests and just staying focused is hard, while managing work that's just the cherry on top.
i do have some professors who have been very understanding and have helped a lot, curving grades, providing extra credit, then we have my stats professor.
he bases our grades so heavily on the tests (2 tests and 1 final), i have no idea what grade i have but i know i'm failing along with the rest of my class.
i've never done this badly in school ever!
i have never failed a class to say the least.
not understanding to our circumstances, as an international student, having to be awake at 3am to focus of math is a feat.
i've emailed him expressing my concerns, no reply.
and its not just me, the entire class is failing.
i have enrolled in the same class with a different professor for next semester in case i do not make it, which i won't unless he curves it a whole 10%.
the amount of stress that is just waiting to blow up is insane and i cannot do anything to help!
my thoughts keep circulating back and fixating on that one thing.
how do you guys manage stress and anxiety?!!!
ive tried almost everything
below are the highlights of an article by the academic times:[
it was 3 days ago.
it was the second worse day of my life in the past two years.
i just screamed as loud as i could!
it’s like i totally checked out.
when i caught my breath and stopped shaking is when i felt differently, like something that was once inside was all of a sudden gone.
my spark, i’m calling it, is gone.
i’m not me anymore, what do i do?
how do i move on from something so horrific?
hi everyone.
i am senior student in grade 12 and i have ap bio and chemistry 12 in the same semester.
very recently i became overwhelmed with the amount of homework and constant tests/quizzes that i cry every other day, and i’m at the point where my mental health is not safe, anymore.
somedays, i often just want to give up on these tests and just don’t care what happens in these courses.
this issue occurred in grade 12 only as in grade 10 i would have the same exact amount of homework and i would never experience mental breakdowns like this.
i would just sit there and do homework and then all of a sudden break down and cry out.
i don’t know if this is signs of early depression, too much anxiety, can someone please help me out?
i have noticed lately that i get excited about having a stressful schedule or environment.
i put things to the last minute to pile on everything at one time.
i used to schedule work before important exams, and i took on classes i knew were beyond challenging.
i didn't notice it until my mother pointed on how when i think i am "complaining" about things, i am smiling at the same time.i like the rush it gives me.
how do i fix this?
why do i feel guilty when i take a baby dose of xanax ?
i’ve been on it as needes for 2 years as i’m slowly taking less as my anxiety is getting better .
i do not depend on it but during but anxious moments it does help .
anyways i’ve been really trying to not take it and if i do only once a week .
this week was twice because i was really stressed .
but i feel guilty ?
i feel like i’m a drug addict when i know i’m not .
maybe it’s the stigma that xanax is bad ?
does anyone else feel this way ?
😭🔪🤬🤬🤬🤪😰😰😭😭😭
 new yorkers: are you feeling worried, sad, anxious, or depressed?
teachers college, columbia university is offering no-cost telehealth therapy as part of a research study for individuals across new york state that are struggling with emotional distress during the covid-19 pandemic.
if you are an adult between the ages of 18-65, you may be eligible to receive this innovative treatment from specially trained clinicians.
eligible participants will be compensated for brief questionnaires before and after therapy.
between therapy sessions, participants will be invited to utilize a novel internet- and mobile-based platform to supplement treatment.
for more information and to fill out a pre-screen questionnaire, please visit:
recently, my mom has been very reckless, narcissistic, abusive, etc.
she’s been causing me a lot of physical and emotional stress.
she’s been taking out her issues on me and my 8 y/o brother.
all issues she created for herself.
she somehow manages to blame someone else her her shitty life, whether it’s her parents or me.
i’ve given her so many chances and this was the last one.
but all of this is causing me so much stress.
i’m constantly anxious.
and when i think about having to go back home i start feeling like i’m having a panic attack.
my heart beats out of my chest, i get nauseous, i start sweating and my hands start shaking.
i haven’t even been able to eat because of the stress.
the thought of food alone makes me wanna vomit.
and it’s not like i can emancipate myself, i don’t have enough money saved up for a lawyer, and even then i’m 17, so it’s literally 1 more year until i can leave.
but does anyone have advice on how u can get more motivated to do schoolwork?
it’s just so difficult, i can’t concentrate on anything at all.
i’m exhausted, psychologically drained.
i hate myself for being useless, and i hated even more when people asking why i am doing what i am doing, can't you see i am trying to understand the situation?
i don't know if you are really asking the reason or you are just being sarcastic because i am just keep trying to compromise your idea and never use mine, and every day i told myself it is fine since my idea is probably not very useful compare to others, but i think i am just going crazy right now, because i could not understand a word you are saying and i cannot catch up and you are questioning my choices for catching up?
i really hope you will feel this one day when you get to another new project where you are working with complete strangers.
stop acting you are the leader if you just going to move forward with people you like
so i've had some on and off headaches the past few days.
i'm pretty positive they have been from being stressed.
have had health issues im now resolving for the past 10 months and recovering but also have had stressors at home i have no control of and other forms of stress.
apparently i've also been depressed for some time which isn't helping.
i'm not keen on taking over the counter meds for headaches.
but theyve been pretty consitent the past 4 days or so.
i'd say more annoying than anything.
i've been drinking lots of water but that doesnt seem to help.
though my headache today has been constant since about an hour after i woke up and it just wont go away.
i even tried drinking some herbal teas with no cafine in them and taking a shower though the shower actually seemed to make it worse.
was hoping perhaps someone may have some tips as for things i could do to aliviate them as i don't really have a way of abolishing the circumstances that are causing my stress.
i've ran out of ideas as i don't normally get headaches to often and this is the first time that i know of i have had them from stress.
the mind can turn the body's ph from acidic to alkaline in a matter of minutes.
stress can adversely affect the genetic makeup in your body; the mind can positively or negatively affect dna.
one of the fastest and easiest to feel, method to counteract stress, comes from a natural reaction that our physical body has to us having consistent/strong enough positive thoughts.
whether from positive memories, thanking god, thinking about your future plans, someone you love, inspiring or moving moments in life/movies/songs.
really consider the fact that from just thinking certain positive thoughts your whole physical body can get chills all over it or just in certain locations (for now).
if you take time to notice you will find that your self induced positive chills have an accompanying sort of wave underneath your skin (sometimes cold and other times hot).
after researching what that specific current underneath the skin is i came across a sort of energy we have that is tied to our spirit.
i've found many names for this energy like spiritual chills, euphoria, voluntary goosebumps, ecstasy, prana, chi, qi, vayus, aura, mana, life force, pitī, rapture, ruah, ether, nephesch, chills, goosebumps, the force and many more.
now consider this if you can truly induce that feel good occurence at will, you can definitely use it to counteract feelings of stress.
if you would like to know how to take control of that energy and how to, at will, stop that paralyzing feeling of stress on it's track.
here's a five minute [youtube video]( for you.
this is for for someone else.
66 year old male.
his arms and hands are shaking.
going on for a few months now.
he has been taking stress tablets for many years.
has tried 3 different ones.
none are working well.
tablets are lexapro, alprazolam (xanax), zoloft.
these  meds have been prescribed by his primary doctor.
in addition, this person has type 2 diabetes,should this person see a neurologist or a psychiatrist for this shaking?
"one thing ive had to learn is- i dont always need to try to find a solution to my wife's problems.
sometimes it's more helpful to just listen as she works through her emotions.
i think as men we've been taught to try and fix problems, but that isnt always what's needed..."[
hey all, so i basically was under an extreme amount of stress for a few months.
while that has now subsided i have noticed that i’ve been feeling off and lightheaded so i’ve been checking my blood pressure and it randomly spikes up to 140s/150s and 80s/90s for a period of time, and then will come back to normal range usually after 20 mins or so.
is there any condition that being under this kind of stress for a prolonged period could have caused?
(f/20) hello.
i’ve been in my current relationship for approximately 5 months and it’s weird.
i don’t find any aspect of the relationship bad or unhealthy, except that i’m quite over invested in it and i don’t know how not to be because investing emotionally and mentally into that person is important for me.
but it’s made me a very stressed out person.
to the extent that it has impacted my health (periods, skin, etc.)
and i’m not sure how to deal with it.
naturally, other parts of my life contribute.
things like academics and work, but those are things i have no option but to cope with.
my relationship is a choice and often times, amid the stress, i wonder if it’s the right choice in this very moment in time.
any advice is appreciated.
so recently i've started rocking and i think it might be a thing related to stress does anyone else do this or have a explanation
um hello ....well many can relate im sure.
after today i’m convinced i’m a misanthrope.
kinda ironic cause here i go again trying to get support from others.
i’m on my way to being a “construction specialist” really i’m just an asskisser.
i’m below everyone.
no one respects me because they think i’m doing better than they are when really i respect everyone even though i know 100% they’re doing a lot better than me.
one more loose screw right there.
i mean fuck me, man.
i mean i’m not getting paid that much.
i drive a company vehicle.
i work hard.
very very hard.
i’m being micromanaged.
i’m in charge of a lot of people and projects but as far as work...i think we kinda get in the way of trades doing the actual work.
i hate this business.
im sure i’m”add” but nobody cares.
it’s still my fault i mess up.
people are like crabs in a bucket.
i just told the painter to fuck off.
i told an old guy in the parking lot to fuck off.
recently ive moved states.
been 8 months.
i can’t or don’t get a new state license so i can actually move forward.
i work too much.
my car is in need of repair.
i bought a motorcycle which i can’t ride legally.
i’m living in a house that isn’t mine.
i’m staying in a nice place with an awesome view by myself.
house sitting and paying them a decent amount of rent while the owners are outta town...that’s about to end in a few weeks.
hard to keep up.
social life is super super lacking and dull of course.
first time moving away on my own.
sucks when everyone is telling me what to do.
and i do it.
there’s a lot going on.
exact words to the painter who was complaining about my handy work (since it’s not my job/not my specialty which i blatantly spelled out to them....is ironic considering my soon to be former position) the exact words were: “ quite frankly......i. don’t.
give.
a. fuck.
i’m this close to ...” and  i just shook my head and he understood right away.
either i was having a mental breakdown, burnt out or that he needed to shut his trap before i shoved that paintbrush where the sun don’t shine.
as for the old man.
i was driving with expired plates because i had to do some side work on the weekend and i couldn’t drive my work truck because it has a company logo.
so i can’t even flip people off anymore!
i explained this to the guy.
been working 60 hour weeks none stop.
happened to have work i couldn’t refuse right on the weekend so i had to risk going out again with this vehicle.
i’ve been pissed off at retirees lately since i’ve done a lotta work for them in this nice area.
i usually have respect but i get fed up with sucking up to people that act like toddlers.
once he took out his phone to take a pic of my license plate, i got out and asked if he was retired?
he said ....yeah i am.
and looked him in the eye and said “then fuck off!
go find something better to do.” he eventually left saying have a good day.
but i’m just so fuckin done with people and myself and the world.
i just don’t know how this is gonna go.
it’s an ever narrowing tunnel.
for all of us.
i mean to add to it, i lost/spent all my savings so far (not much but very much needed at this point: 2 grand and then some) on fuckin online dating and scammers and complete incompetence/desperation on my part.
so yeah.
don’t know what to do or where to go...options are “endless” but i keep thinking a giant meteor would simplify that quite nicely don’t you?
don’t expect anyone to actually read this all the way through or even give a shit.
or what i expect you to type.
hopefully someone relates or even chuckles like “yeah that’s me” i don’t care.
i just gotta know someone else will read this and potentially understand than just let this sit and stew inside me.
i’m just venting.
so say hello internet.
i’m about to fucking lose it
i’ve known for a while one of my biggest triggers, when i’m stressed especially, is fairness.
basically if a situation has an outcome i’m not happy with i end up thinking “well this didn’t happen with this person?
!” i know it’s petty and i’ve found i can step back and not react to a situation immediately which has cut out a lot of problems but i cannot seem to get past it.
i end up having the situation replay over and over in my head and i end up with my anxiety going through the roof.
has anyone got anyways to control it?
 [
not sure if i am in the right place.
my kid has suffered from (undiagnosed) anxiety for a while.
the idea of returning to work before being fully vaccinated has sent him over the edge, the doctor recommended medication (celexa) and he is seeing an mft.
he wants to request leave for 2.5 weeks (second covid vaccine shot + 2 weeks) but the doctor did not seem too understanding.
the mft is supportive of requesting the leavethe leave can be unpaid, not necessarily disability with paymentcan the therapist certify the leave?
  1. exercise 2.
 reduce your caffeine intake  3. write it down  4. spend time with friends and family 5. watch [relaxing contents](
[i recorded it, and if this helps any of you feel a bit calmer i'd be glad.
i'm the sole person on a project at work.
i do everything from handling users to writing the code.
i've also been added to another project so pile that on top.
i'm sleeping like crap, my stomach hurts, my hair is falling out, and i just cry all the time.
is there any hope here?
i've asked for help many times but there's simply no one else, and quitting is out of the question since i haven't even been here a year yet.
i just want to feel ok again.
so i need to rant a bit here, i'm starting a new job as a ground support officer this week it's two twelve-hour shifts a weekand i don't know how much i'm getting paid yet they said it 20 an hour which is the same i'm earningfor my temp, i'm taking this job because my temp is giving not me enough hours and i don't want to do building work anymore i know it pays a lot in the long run but it's too far away from my friends and family and i want to do my own thing not just be my dad because i see how stressed and angry he is and i don't want to be like that.
i hope i can get either get  25 an hour or an extra shift i'm struggling to have to pay for gas and rent gas each week with my current job this new is closer, but i still not sure what i'm doing i also had to sign up with a course and a test and also drug and alcohol test which cost me 205 dollars.
also, i know some people might say go work and mcdonalds or something well i can't i have already applied in the past and have been turned i also have very little retail experience.
i started having bathroom problems i think because of vaping and the vape juice spitting into my mouth over time, but even tho i quit my tummy has never been the same.
i already had a sensitive stomach that got worse with stress but now it’s so much worse.
i feel so sick i don’t know how to fix this :( just stresses me out more.
i’m gonna go to the doctor eventually but i really wish i didn’t have to.
i just joined this subreddit and haven't looked into coping mechanisms yet, but anyone who has tips on how to handle stress, please share.
i just need to get these stressors off my chest.
1) had a baby 3 months ago.
that shits hard.
2) toilet fucking exploded and our roof leaked, pretty much destroying our house.
2 a) my house has been in shambles for 2 months 2 b) they've finally started working on my house, which means me, the baby and the dog have to be out from 7am to 7pm.
2 c) being out of the house means being with my parents, my sister, my baby, 3 dogs and a bird in 1 house2 d) even with 20k from insurance, were paying 50-60k in repairs2 e) dog is reactive and is stressed/struggling with being out of our home 3) fucking pandemic.
province just shit down again, can't see my friends or extended family.
4) grandma passed away in october because of cancer.
other grandma is dying of cancer.
my husband's grandma also has terminal cancer.
5) to top it off, i found out today my care wheel needs to be replaced.
not the biggest deal, just the icing on the cake.
this stress has cause myself and my husband to feel overhwelmed and depressed, which has taken a serious toll on our relationship.
i feel like in a few months things may be better, but i'm just in over my head right now.
 i am [conducting a research study ]( my nutrition capstone master's class and i would love your participation!
all submitted answers are anonymous and identities are completely confidential.
 your involvement is greatly appreciated!
 are you 19+ years old?
 do you reside in the greater new york area (ct, nj, or ny)?
 were you working full-time at the start of the covid-19 pandemic (march 2020)?
if you answered yes to these questions, you are eligible to participate in this study.
  this research consists of one online survey, which should take about 5-7 minutes to complete.
your participation in this research is completely voluntary.
the consent form with more information is present on the first page of the survey.
  access the survey here: [
hey everybody!
i'm doing this form for my college entrepreneurship class about stress and email and was wondering if you would be willing to help me fill it out?
[i truly appreciate any and all help!
my heart has been checked out by doctors and is completely normal .
but at night when trying to sleep all i can feel is it pounding and racing and i can’t get my mind off it then i always think something is wrong with my heart .
anyone else ?
i really just needed somewhere to let everything off my chest.
i'm a college student at the end of my 2nd ever semester.
i'm failing my classes because i'm a shit person who can't even focus on the tiniest thing.
i have 2 weeks until finals, my laptop just completely blue screened and i cant afford to get another one.
my parents are threatening to kick me out and take away everything so i have to live on the streets and my depression is so far through the roof that i can't even remember the last time i was happy.
there are so many factors at play right now that i cant think straight.
i cant even sleep anymore.
i'm falling asleep in my morning classes because i'm so stressed and anxious that i cant go to sleep until 5am.
i hate myself because of it and i'm trying to get medication for everything but i'm too terrified to ask my parents because they always told me that i was looking for attention.
i just cant deal with anything anymore and i dont know what to do.
 here are 15 strategies that will help you cope with stress based on the study: 1. active coping (taking action to try to get rid of or decrease the stressor or its consequences);2. planning (deliberations how to handle the problem);3. seeking social support for instrumental reasons (asking for advice, help, or information);4. seeking social support for emotional reasons (seeking for emotional support, sympathy, or understanding);5. suppression of competing activities (putting aside other activities not connected to the problem in order to better deal with it);6. turning to religion (as a source of emotional support or signpost to positive reinterpretation and development);7. positive reinterpretation and growth (growing as a person as a result of the experience, seeing events in a positive light);8. restraint coping (waiting for the right time to do something);9. acceptance (accepting the situation as something irreversible, trying to get used to it and learn to live with it);10. focus on and venting of emotions (concern about own emotions and tendency to express them);11. denial (ignoring, refusal to acknowledge the problems);12. mental disengagement (avoiding consequences by turning to other activities like sleep, watching tv);13. behavioral disengagement (helplessness, abandonment of efforts to achieve goals);14. alcohol-drug disengagement (use of alcohol or drugs to relieve unpleasant emotions);15. sense of humor (as a way to relieve unpleasant emotions)reference: [sometimes it's difficult to deal with stress without medication, so here i've something if you like check out  [restilen](  restilen is for everyone who has ever felt stress, anxiety, or nervousness and wants to relieve the stress.
i really don't know about you, but i frequently find advice to discharge tension and stress to be good on paper but unbelievably tough to apply.
&amp;#x200b;simply say no more frequently!
sounds great, but my twenty-month-old son needs continuous care and i want to get cash, so there is a lot i can not simply not conduct .
&amp;#x200b;i really do try, but it has been chilly and gray, and i do not get myself until nighttime --if it is even more freezing.
&amp;#x200b;i've the very best of intentions, however i am pregnant, often exhausted, and there is that whole time .
&amp;#x200b;i assume this is the case of most good information: it is much easier to make a record of good thoughts than it is to really apply them.
and it is difficult not to withstand all those well-intentioned tips as too simplified and possibly even unrealistic.
&amp;#x200b;that, i have understood, is my main issue --one which you can connect to as well: while my situation can be hard and restricting, the majority of the strain and tension i believe originates with some type of inner resistance.
resistance to what's, what's, what could be, what i am doing, what i might do, who i'm... the list continues.
&amp;#x200b;and it may seem like this:&amp;#x200b;if you have done one of these things yourself, then i am certain that you know they are exhausting.
&amp;#x200b;that isn't say we're the only cause of our anxiety.
&amp;#x200b;and it is correct there are a lot of small things we can do to alleviate some of the strain.
nevertheless, the very first thing we have to do is ease the pressure at which it is generally the most extreme: inside our own minds.
&amp;#x200b;the way to relieve the emotional pressurethere are just two things i have found to be extremely effective in quieting my internal voice of immunity.
&amp;#x200b;1. let yourself feel the feelings below your ideas so you can calm and discharge them.
too often we get caught in a notion loop for a means to avoid feeling our feelings, as stressful as it could be, considering our situation permits us to avoid confronting our deepest consequences.
however, we must confront them to cure them.
as they state, the only real way out is through.
&amp;#x200b;i have discovered that under my changing kinds of inner resistance, there is generally:&amp;#x200b;and this causes my heart youth wounds which led me to think i am basically bad.
&amp;#x200b;once i believe itwhen i am rehashing the past, judging myself compared to other people, and debilitating about what folks think of me personally.
&amp;#x200b;stress:yet more, this activates my childhood wounds which led me to think i am not great enough, and never will be.
&amp;#x200b;once i believe itwhen i am residing on worst-case situations, stressing about what i need to do, and worry about what i ought to do.
&amp;#x200b;toward myself to get what i believe i did wrong, toward others for the way i believe they did me toward for myself to get possibly inducing them to do wrong (since i frequently find a way to blame myself), toward lifestyle for being unjust.
this activates my core belief that existence ought to be honest, shaped, you guessed it, in youth, when life felt really unjust.
&amp;#x200b;once i believe itwhen i am rehashing the past and battling my existing reality.
&amp;#x200b;once i believe itwhen i will get under the ideas and identify among those feelings, i will sit with this.
i am able to shout out it --the ultimate launch!
&amp;#x200b;i am able to empathize with myself and inform me what i want to hear--which i am a fantastic person who is always done her best, i shall do my best in the long run and can handle what is coming, that everybody else is doing their best, and most of us deserve forgiveness and understanding.
&amp;#x200b;perhaps take a hot bath if i am feeling embarrassed to remind myself that i deserve relaxation even when i believe i have messed up.
&amp;#x200b;perhaps write a forgiveness letter when i am feeling mad to assist me empathize, take, and go ahead.
&amp;#x200b;maybe call somebody i adore, diary, or do something creative when i am feeling empty, to fulfill my need for relationship.
&amp;#x200b;the purpose is, once we believe our feelingswe could do something to cover the particular root cause of our anxiety at a minute rather than arbitrarily selecting an action from a one-size-fits-all collection of stress-relievers.
&amp;#x200b;what is the feeling beneath it?
what exactly does that feeling need to instruct me?
what exactly does it need to listen?
and what do i do to help alleviate this pain?
&amp;#x200b;2. take out of your mind (and possibly into your entire body or a condition of circulation ).
it is ironic but true that two bits of apparently contradictory information can be both beneficial and strong, and this really is true when it comes to alleviating stress.
or at least it's been for me personally.
&amp;#x200b;on the 1 hand, it may help us to look carefully at what is happening in our heads so we are able to know it, question it if necessary, and calm the feelings under our ideas.
&amp;#x200b;on the flip side, sometimes we just must disengage from our thoughts tales --our unfulfilling workour mounting billsour insensitive relatives, etc.
to recognize we are getting caught up in a psychological maze where we might never escape unless we knowingly decide to escape and then make this selection.
&amp;#x200b;our mind's default style system (dmn), that is intended to protect ustends toward negativity, frequently concentrated on the past, the future, as well as the intentions behind the others' behaviour.
studies have demonstrated a connection between a active dmn and melancholy and anxiety--also has additionally demonstrated that meditation might help affect the default system.
&amp;#x200b;that is why it's important that we know to escape our minds, either via conventional meditation or simply by getting into our own bodies or a condition of stream (when you are so absorbed at a job which you forget about everything else and eliminate track of time).
&amp;#x200b;mindfulness can actually change patterns of brain activity with time, allowing us to frequently escape the default style system --at which we unavoidably feel stressed!
&amp;#x200b;how can we get from our heads and to our own bodies or a country of stream?
&amp;#x200b;when you sync your breath with your movements and focus your attention on the delicate muscle changes necessary to enter and maintain each pose, you will discover your mind obviously quieting.
there are tons of different varieties of yoga.
&amp;#x200b;you may discover all sorts of yoga videos on youtube, and chances are, even if life gets nearer to normal , it is possible to locate a free or donation-based class around you.
personally, i find it less difficult to exercise in a course than in my, because the existence of different folks holds me accountable, and you will find fewer biscuits and tvs nearby to divert me!
&amp;#x200b;acting requires you to escape your judging head, and tai chi is the ideal clinic to ease that, as it is about integrating body and mind through slow, low-impact, controlled breathing and movements.
&amp;#x200b;tai chi is significantly less physically taxing than many yoga practices (besides restorative yoga, which can be exceptionally relaxing), making it ideal for anybody who is more emotionally restricted.
it is especially popular with the senior audience, as it is easy on the joints, but it is a strong and effectual mindfulness practice for anybody, of any age!
&amp;#x200b;# mindful trekking or walkingany type of movement could be meditative in case you concentrate your attention on the sensations in our bodies, and trekking and walking out attract the additional advantage of immersing you into character --a pure stress-reliever!
&amp;#x200b;various studies have revealed that only twenty minutes in character can considerably decrease your stress hormones.
and in addition, it can excite all of the body's senses, as we listen into the noise of running water trickling nearby, the odor of pine (proven to reduce depression and stress ), the colours in a scenic sunrise, the sensation of leaves crunching under our feet, and the flavor of a freshly selected bit of fruit.
&amp;#x200b;through social causeswe frequently consider stream as something we reach separately, but group actions bring the extra advantage of easing deep link as we proceed in sync or work toward group objectives.
this may mean becoming a collective state of stream as part of a sports group, dancing troupe, or via synchronized swimmingpool.
&amp;#x200b;i recall one specific bit of choreography out of a neighborhood theatre show i did as a child.
there were twenty of us, seated, performing clapping moves with one another's hands, patting on our own and each other's thighs.
all of us had to move perfectly in sync to get it just right, which demanded intense attention, and i must say it was profoundly satisfying to maneuver within a complete --to lose myself into the group and also be immersed in something larger than myself.
&amp;#x200b;through imaginative triggersany creative action can get us into a condition of stream if we like it and lose ourselves at the endeavor.
painting, playing an instrument, dance, jewelry manufacturing, much doodling--select whatever calls for you so deeply you can not help but focus on the gift, losing your sense of self-consciousness since the action itself is so enjoyable and rewarding.
&amp;#x200b;through ecological triggersrock climbing is the perfect example, as you have to be completely absorbed in the moment to safely browse the stone formation.
&amp;#x200b;although i have never achieved outside rock climbing--that i imagine is even more thrilling, as it is riskier and you are totally immersed in character --i engaged in a climbing class as a experiential therapy treatment for bulimia in my early twenties.
i recall all my worries falling apart as i concentrated on not falling off the beam, and that i remember enjoying my body to get what it might do rather than judging myself for what i believed i had been doing wrong.
&amp;#x200b;you are able to take an hour course or merely exercise for ten minutes.
it's possible to work on a painting for 2 hours or sketch to get a short window .
&amp;#x200b;obviously!
it is far simpler to watch netflix within our free hour of time or scroll in that short window .
while i do this, all of my thick unfelt feelings fester, settling deep in to my mind and my bones and hammering me like an imperceptible straitjacket.
&amp;#x200b;however, i understand when i do something which's very good for me personally, i think itand i need it.
along with my resistance to doing this obviously fades away, together with my anxiety.
&amp;#x200b;so actually, we simply have to appear after --actually appear.
be present we allow us to completely live that moment so we are able to appreciate that instant, which love will bring us back.
back to the clinic, back to our own bodies back to ourselves.
our deepest truth, under the strain and pressure.
the authentic self who knows we do not have to be more, we still do not need to perform longer, we only need to let's like more.
because within that pleasure there is peace and recovery.
and regardless of what our negatively biased brains inform uswe totally deserve it.
&amp;#x200b;
[cozy cabin fireplace &amp; snowstorm sounds | sleep instantly with snow sounds for sleep and relaxation](
new yorkers: are you feeling worried, sad, anxious, or depressed?
teachers college, columbia university is offering no-cost telehealth therapy as part of a research study for individuals across new york state that are struggling with emotional distress during the covid-19 pandemic.
if you are an adult between the ages of 18-65, you may be eligible to receive this innovative treatment from specially trained clinicians.
eligible participants will be compensated for brief questionnaires before and after therapy.
between therapy sessions, participants will be invited to utilize a novel internet- and mobile-based platform to supplement treatment.
for more information and to fill out a pre-screen questionnaire, please visit:
lo-fi study (relaxing beats in lo-fi scale)- [childish gambino playlist- [frank ocean playlist- [powerful female vocals (female acoustic and pop with powerhouse voices)- [blonded radio (alternative rnb and relaxation music)- [house music for you ravers!- [
anyone else have tinnitus because of extreme stress and anxiety 😭
some times late at night i random get stressed, its not like i have any big school projects coming up, nor do i have anything big work related, but randomly at night i get stressed out about nothing.
just butterflies in my stomach and a lingering sense of "you forgot something" but i know for a fact there's nothing i forgot.
why does this happen and how can i stop it?
my life has been kicking me in the ass recently,firstly, my hair sheds like crazy and i feel like i’m going bald, i see all these people telling me to take medication that could mess me up (i’m 17) and i’m terrified of it.
but the thought of my hair going away is equally as terrifying, i just don’t know what to do, and i’ve been to multiple dermatologists and the answer is mixed.
secondly, the courses that i’m taking are driving me nuts, they’re both incredibly hard and the stress of the work, tests, and maintaining a good mark is driving me nuts.
my parents don’t seem to care at all and i feel incredibly lonely without anyone to talk to about theses issues
school just started and recently i didn't get enough sleep.too much works and things that i had to go through while in the past made me feels overwhelmed,i just can't put my shit back together right now.i go to school,get home and do my works done feels like my life is just a loophole where i would never be able to take a rest.im tired of thinking what would happen in the future.everything is just a mess..why can't things be easy for once.i can't do this on my own.i just need someone to hug me and tell me that's everything's going to be fine,just for this time.i used to be a happier, strong enough person that i could litteraly handle any problems but that was a long time ago.i can't do my works right if my brain is still wandering around in the past.i'm scared that i would never be a successful person.what if my beloved ones never get to see me growing up,i'm not strong enough to see they are gone before me.do you guys have any tips how not to think what have occurred in the past and just get through it?thank you very much..
i honestly don't know what to say i am just really stressed out about my future, about life.
what do i want to do for a living, will that make me happy, do i want to travel, why does everything sucks every time i look around me i see that everything is on fire and i just want to run away and escape but i don't know where to go and i do want to face my problems (which idk what they are ) but every time i do that the problems only increase
omg this magnetic cube i got is so satisficing and helps me relive of all my stress.
i have taken to listen to this playlist of baby lullabies when i go to sleep to help my stressed mind calm down - if you want to try it its on spotify my friend found a similar one on apple music too if you on other music service i guess you can search by artists - "the background musicians"hope it helps some of you
chakra is a hindi word meaning 'wheel'.
the ancien indian mystics saw the chakra centres of the body whirling, wheel-like vortices of energy.
there are seven as major chakras or energy centers and many minor or lesser ones.
the minor chakras include the palms of the hands and the bottoms of the feet.
when these energy centers are clear and aligned, the energy flows freely up and down the spine and through out the nervous system, resulting in a feeling of peaceful well-being.
i've found many names for this energy like spiritual chills, euphoria, voluntary goosebumps, ecstasy, prana, chi, qi, vayus, aura, mana, life force, pitī, rapture, ruah, ether, nephesch, chills, goosebumps, the force and many more.
since we express ourselves through these energy centres.
they can, as well as our physical and spiritual bodies, hold trapped negative energy.
once tension, trauma, fears and anxiety are released from these energy centers, the mental, physical, emotional and spiritual bodies also end up healing.
if you want to learn how to really tap into these centers with an effective method to heal them here's a [youtube video]( for you.
every single day i worry about something, it can really be anything but i just keep worrying and find anything and everything to worry about, i an in high school and i just don’t know what to do, i feel like i just worry about something new everyday and can’t be happy, any recommendations on how to feel less worried so i can actually be happy for again?
i'm sure everyone deals with stress at some point in their life.
i am currently at that point and have been trying to manage it for over a year now.
i can't seem to find the "perfect" stress reliever.
it has gotten to the point that i cannot sleep comfortably; most days i feel as if i am on autopilot.
i tried exercising but it only made things worse.
i'm convinced my norepinephrine neurotransmitters don't function properly.
anyways, what are some things that have helped you relieve stress?
[1- a personalized office](2- organized information3- phone calls can wait4- lists5- a calendar... up to date6- focus on one work at a time7- reserving time slots for pleasure8- automation9- the bulletin board a visual memory tool10- an idea map
i’m a student in my final year of uni, currently writing my dissertation and have 5 upcoming exams.
i’ve found when i’m stressed i feel really sick every morning and evening but as soon as i’ve finished my deadlines it goes away.
has anyone else experienced this?
it’s really effecting my productivity.
any advice on how to cope with it would be appreciated, thanks.
i'm kind of struggling due to recent changes to try and keep myself happy and calm.
keep stressing about things i can't control.
[1- a personalized office](2- organized information3- phone calls can wait4- lists5- a calendar... up to date6- focus on one work at a time7- reserving time slots for pleasure8- automation9- the bulletin board a visual memory tool10- an idea map
i work for a medium size tech company as a client facing project manager and i'm so stressed right now.
the stress is coming for a year of lock down and depression that has effected the quality of my work and i'm paying for it right now.
i don't know what to do it feels like their is too much on my plate and i'm struggling to find a solution.
i have found that l theanine 700mg capsules instantly (30 mins) makes me relaxed.
this shit is real.
but otherwise.
i deal with stress 2000 times better when i have slept 8 hrs 30 or more.
when i sleep this long i can deal with any stress and stay stable / never get depressed.
ive also found that thinking about having insomnia makes you have insomnia.
(yikies)
using a throwaway account for privacy reasons.
i'm (m30) really worried about my so's (f29) health and could really do with some advice.
i'll put a tl;dr at the bottom.
i'm not sure if any of this content may be triggering, so i apologise if it is.
some context - we have been together nearly 10 years; lived together for 6. before that, we did long distance for 2 years.
long distance was hard, and during that time my so was going through what she calls a "hypochondriac stage", in which she was always worrying about her health and scared she was going to get ill.
after we moved in together, that worry subsided and things were ok.
i suffer from mild anxiety too, so we both had our bouts every now and then, but great other than that.
she would always think very low of herself though, especially her appearance and her weight.
whenever we went anywhere, 9/10 times she would have a break down about what she would be wearing, which often made us late or led to an argument or general stress.
fast forward a few years.
just before covid, she suffered the loss her step mother, who wasn't even 50. this was obviously devastating, but did lead to her and her dad becoming closer.
then covid hit, and as such she has never fully had time to grieve for her step mum.
on top of that, in june, her dad announced that he had met someone else.
in november, he said they were moving in together.
two weeks ago, he announced they were getting married.
the way that he announced all of these was either very nonchalantly (over zoom/phone call) or in a very grandiose way, expecting congratulations i'm sure.
obviously, my so (and her sister) are appalled, and her dad doesn't quite seem to understand why.
on top of that, he is so wrapped up in his own life, that he isn't taking the time to ask how my so/her sister are feeling about.
it's very messed up, and i'm furious at him.
so that's two reasons why she is feeling particularly stressed at the moment.
the third is work.
we are both key workers, and as such have been going into work throughout the last year when others were wfh.
on top of that, her work has been insanely busy and she is working on average 11 hour days, and the work still isn't done.
the team she manages are not pulling their weight and management, from what i can gather, seem quite useless and keep promising solutions but never deliver.
she doesn't want to quit, mainly because finding a job in this uncertain climate will be stressful too, and in the somewhat likely event that redundancies are made, it'll probably be a first in, first out situation.
her day of anxiousness usually goes as follows - wake up feeling stressed about work and about what to wear - will sometimes have a break down.
at work, overloaded with workload - will go to the bathroom to cry.
in the evening, will come home stressed after a bad day.
at night, will worry about sleeping and as a result will often have a big break down if she can't sleep/gets woken up.
&amp;#x200b;these break downs range from having trouble breathing to hurting herself - thankfully never seriously, but she has given herself scratches and bruises etc.
additionally, there are certain words that might trigger her, like if i mention anything about breathing, her chest goes tight.
or if i suggest we go to bed earlier, she becomes panicked about sleeping.
i have suggested apps such as headspace but she says they don't work, and she doesn't want to go on medication.
i'm really worried about her, and feel awful that i don't really know how to help.
i'm worried that one day she is going to badly hurt herself (she has never expressed anything about being suicidal, so i'm not worried about that - more just badly hurting), and also worried that, quite frankly, she could give herself a heart attack or something.
it's also obviously having an effect on me, as every evening i'm on edge, not wanting to trigger a reaction in anyway, and feel absolutely rotten if i do.
but, admittedly, the whole situation also makes me feel very angry.
not necessarily at her, but just like...why is this happening?
i hope that makes sense and doesn't make me sound like an asshole.
i'm just at a loss with what to do.
i love her more than anything and am just so worried about her, so any advice could be greatly appreciated, thank you!
tl;dr - so is having panic attacks nearly every night and day, is extremely stressed, and i'm worried about her heatlh.
[1- a personalized office](2- organized information3- phone calls can wait4- lists5- a calendar... up to date6- focus on one work at a time7- reserving time slots for pleasure8- automation9- the bulletin board a visual memory tool10- an idea map
mines’ name is tina and she arrives on my jaw after a stressful period or a particularly traumatic event.
i have to pouch her when she gets too long... where does yours pop up?
how do you remove it?
i'm in the marine corps and have a lot of shit on my plate.
i am fully erect like 90 percent of the day because of it.
so a couple times a week i gotta pump one out real quiet in the stall.
am i the only one?
hi everyone.i am strssed and depressed about an issue for several days now.i have not been able to eat well and to do exercise.i constantly think of that issue and this gives me severe headache which i cannot control.i cannot sleep as well because i think of that and my head may explode as a result of that.
can someone help me how to deal with this as it symptoms are getting severe and serious now.
thank you.
we are conducting a study examining how different daily activities impact pandemic-related stress.
if you are an adult (18 or older), currently living in the u.s., and interested in this study, please email us at [centerforfearlessresearch@gmail.com](mailto:centerforfearlessresearch@gmail.com) with the subject line “interested in daily activities study” and we will send you an online survey to determine whether you might be eligible to participate.
so i’m 23 years old and i’ve been in therapy since i was like 10. i have generalized anxiety and i have a bear phobia vomit where every time i stomach hurts i get a sensation i am a scary panic attack thinking i’m going to just get sick.
but the point of this post is this therapy actually work?
all the years i’ve been it has never worked for me.
even trying to listen and do the techniques it doesn’t work.
i just saw seen a new therapist and i only saw her once and i already don’t wanna go back because all of them say the same thing and i honestly don’t know what to do anymore.
is there any websites to help or books ?
 new yorkers: are you feeling worried, sad, anxious, or depressed?
teachers college, columbia university is offering no-cost telehealth therapy as part of a research study for individuals across new york state that are struggling with emotional distress during the covid-19 pandemic.
if you are an adult between the ages of 18-65, you may be eligible to receive this innovative treatment from specially trained clinicians.
eligible participants will be compensated for brief questionnaires before and after therapy.
between therapy sessions, participants will be invited to utilize a novel internet- and mobile-based platform to supplement treatment.
for more information and to fill out a pre-screen questionnaire, please visit:
i'm really stressing out over it because i'm going to get into alot of trouble and idk what to do, i need it to just not happen and to forget about it but i cant
got a really large test tomorrow and as much as i've been revising, i can't get the feeling outta my head that i'm gonna screw it all up completely.
any advice?
we are seeking study participants interested in participating in the clinically validated online mindfulness-based therapy (mbct) intervention be mindful.
multiple studies have shown that this four-week online intervention can reduce depressive symptoms, perceived stress, and anxiety symptoms.
participation in this entirely-online study will allow you access to the be mindful materials for free.
we are seeking college students currently experiencing some emotional distress who have experienced significant symptoms of depression in the past.
please feel free to read about the intervention at [bemindfulonline.com]( there is a great deal of evidence this intervention can help individuals with symptoms of depression and anxiety learn to cope in more advantageous ways.
if you are interested in learning more about our study, please email us at drtlab.ub@gmail.com
so for the past few weeks i had stopped browsing online, and had put restrictions upon my self and my devices.
the two weeks were very productive but now i found another way to go online and being back on reddit and youtube increased my stress levels and caused me to be unproductive.
is there no way to cure this addiction?
i am stuck with this for the past 3-4 years.
basically i booked myself plastic surgery then had to cancel it because for a week i had the most intense physical stress symptoms, and it was just getting worse each day.
racing heart from morning till night, static vision, inability to think of anything else or be distracted.
i couldn't eat or sleep, people would speak to me and i couldn't hear what they were saying i was so detached.
it got to the point where i was starting to feel like i existed in a different reality to everyone else.
anyway i cancelled it because i sensed a breakdown coming on, since i still had a whole month to wait for the surgery.
gutted anxiety has ruined this for me, i wanted it so badly!
but i already had an anxiety disorder from having ptsd from bad acid trip 5 years ago so i am vulnerable to mental illness stuff.
and i know it's not worth risking my mental health like this for a new nose, no matter how self conscious i am.
since i cancelled it three days ago i've had to get signed off work for a week.
i don't feel the same, i'm so low, feeling ugly and unlovable since the whole process of planning surgery made me scrutinise myself like nothing before.
worse still my heart is still racing at random points in the day and my vision still has a static quality which makes me scared of leaving the house.
has anyone else recovered from severe physical stress like this?
and does anyone else get static like vision when anxious or stressed?
i feel so alone
hi folks today i wanna discuss social masks or our false self that we need to function in society, as you know as humans we live in tribes and groups so we have to adopt a certain behaviors and communication tools to be able to successfully interact with people who are living around us but at times we feel deep inside that we are blocking some parts of who we are just to be able to adopt to our environment, well the problem is not what is happening outside of us but instead what we believe and the perception we are holding about who we are is the key component of how successful we are in relating to others without blocking or denying ourselves .. that will take me to the management of our emotional health which most of the time we ignore by escaping how we feel using many forms of escapism or we keep getting triggered each time we face a certain situation, none of of the mentioned ways of coping with our emotional are successful because at the end we still in reaction to our emotions, i wanna switch your intention guys from living in reaction to your emotions to being able and having control of how you feel without failing either in your social life or how you feel about yourself, the key to achieve that in my opinion which is based on a lot of experiences and research is to chance your relationship to your emotions basically you have to create some space for your emotions to run their course and go away also the energy inside our bodies has to keep running without any blockage unfortunately the blockage happened each time we get traumatized, our whole system get miss operating and that is the basis of all health and mental issues.
when this imbalance happened inside you, to have a perfect social life is almost impossible because your whole system is always gonna be reacting to get rid of the blockage that happened when got exposed to a specific trauma or some emotional stress, what you have to do first is to focus on yourself and start using your awareness to detect which type of emotions you feel and do your best to feel them no matter how painful they are, be honest and real when interact with others because if you keep hiding how you feel and faking yourself, eventually you'll get some breakdown or your emotional paid will get more intense .. i can assure you can let go and find the balance that you're hoping for .. it's just a matter of putting the work and be patient on yourself .. hope you guys enjoyed this post if wanna go deeper on this topic ask any question .. :)
whenever i have one or two things going on after work i feel as though i don't have enough time to relax.
i feel as though i can't handle a busy schedule and even having a few things to do during the weekend stresses me out and gives me anxiety because i really enjoy time to myself.
does anyone know how i can get over this without feeling stressed/anxious all the time?
i know people who have super busy schedules... they work extra hours, have children (i don't) and somehow still make time to learn new skills in their spare time.
i really admire people who can keep busy schedules and somehow not breakdown.
how do people like that not get stressed by all the stuff they do?
i really want to be able to do more during my day to get somewhere in life, but i feel too stressed out when i do "too" much.
is it partially because i'm an introvert?
i know i have anxiety to work through but i don't know where to start...thanks in advance.
i guess for context i'm 16 years old.
the post kind of says all of it.
i just cant relax.
for about a month, i have gone one full year of literal, constant, stress.
and by "constant stress".
i mean from the moment i wake up, to the moment i go to sleep.
and there's very little rest from it.
its very exhausting(as you can imagine)and has taken a certain toll on my mental health, and if it hasn't taken one on my physical health it will at some point.
it does have a lot to do with my emotional health, which is pretty bad to say the least(loooooot of personal insecurity for a large part of it).
i have been going to both a therapist and a counselor, and mostly my therapist has been the one guiding me more through the stress.
this includes having less fear with my interests, and trying to sort out what aspects of my life and personality i have control over, and what aspects i do not.
and i think trying to know how to work with myself.
but i just want to relax.
i just want to collapse and finally feel relaxed.
it doesn't help that i'm looking for what personally fulfills me and everything that i think is supposed to help me relieve stress makes me even more stress, because of the aforementioned insecurity.
please, if anyone can help me with this, thank you i'll edit this as i find mistakes or have things to add in, if you guys need more info just ask, and also i think in general i'm very sleep deprived so that could have something to do with it.
apologies for any grammar mistakes
okay so i’ve realised i’m usually the type of person that’s always stressing over something or a another and that i have obsessive paranoia.
recently i’ve started a side job delivering newspapers and found myself singing along to music happy and not stressing.
that’s when it hit me, my brain automatically started to think “why are you so happy?
have you forgot that thing that could happen and cause so many problems?
or “i’m way too happy here, i shouldn’t be feeling like this, somethings going to happen that takes away all your happiness”.
my wife says i feel more comfortable stressing as i’m used to it but when i let go of that stress my brain panics as it’s used to having loads going on at once rather than being in the moment, happy.
i have been in a relationship for about three years now.
i started dating him in grade 10, the first year was amazing.
but then came lies, ignoring me, he once left me and went to wonderland with his friends.
he ignores me on all holidays saying that he is busy with his family.
busy enough that he won't even reply back to me.
i get mad and he says he loves me so much.
he never gets me any birthday gifts, valentine's day gifts, anniversary gifts.
he lives around 2 hours away from me.
so whenever he comes, i feel it's just for sexual favours and then he leaves and ignores me, doesn't call me.
even if he does call me it's about horny stuff most of the time.
i have tried to break up with him, but he doesn't let me and i get weak also.
i get weak to think that i can't live without him, and things will get better.
i lost my friends because of him, i have no one to share anything with.
my parents are the worst.
my mom is the most judgemental person i have met.
i sometimes wish she was not my mom.
my sister does not like me, i am not sure why.
she kind of gets my brother against me.
she yells and misbehaves with me.
and we are 13 years apart.
my mom is always taking her side and always favours her.
they all think i do nothing in life.
even tho, i work 20 hours a week and i study full-time at utm.
so recently, i found the courage to break-up with my boyfriend, i blocked him everywhere.
he keeps texting me from new accounts and i keep getting weak, i keep thinking about him and imagining our future.
i guess a reason for being weak is that i will be in an arranged marriage by 22 years old in pakistan.
my boyfriend is serious about marrying me, but my family won't agree on a love marriage plus my boyfriend makes me cry, feel ignored, and makes me feel alone.
school is another kind of stress i'm facing, with too many assignments.
i have breakdowns every now and then.
no food or groceries at home and i need to save money to pay for school.
i'm starving, crying, having exams and assignments due.
i am so pathetic that i don't have the courage to end myself.
i am heartbroken, hurt, and a loser.
should i just go back to my boyfriend?
if i don't i will end up in pakistan with my toxic family and i will have a kid by 23 years of age and will be a maid for free.
turning 16 is supposed to be fun and exiting, except it’s not, atleast for me.
i’ve been so worked up about passing my g1 test that i have literally cried to my mom because i don’t think i’m gonna pass, and it’s just gonna be a waste of $140, on top of that, nobody asked me what i wanted for my birthday when there are a few things that i really need.
i don’t know how to deal with this stress.
do any of you feel super overwhelmed suddenly and nauseated and want to just go sit in a room alone when you’re stressed?
this happens so much to me whenever i have a lot to do and feel like i’m not going to be done in time.
just wondering if others experience this too!
blonded radio (alternative rnb and relaxation music)- [alternative r&amp;b (relaxing mix of rnb and lo-fi pop)- [lo-fi study (relaxing beats in lo-fi scale)- [late night drives (late night adventures and soothing)- [pink (smooth lyrical soul and rnb)- [powerful female vocals (female acoustic and pop with powerhouse voices)- [
 'the magic of starting over' is the ultimate guide for those who want to break the chains of their past mistakes and build a bright future.
this research-backed guide will teach you everything you need to know about letting go of your past mistakes and rewriting the script of your life.
plants, animals, minerals, trees and humans all have energy fields around them.
this energy field, although invisible to the naked, untrained eye, extends outward from the object and is called the aura or auric field.
the aura, in many ways, in much like the earth's atmosphere: densest closer to the surface, then becoming progressively less dense the farther it extends outward, all energy fields have many levels, just as the earth has many atmospheric levels.
in yourself, this energy can be felt easily through chills from positive events/thoughts and on other people it can be felt from one to three feet or more out from the physical body.
i made this [youtube video]( explaining more specifically how you can through your voluntary induced goosebumps manipulate and influence your own auric field.
this video helped me to relieve stress maybe it can help you guys aswell.
[outside the box | relaxing cinematic fpv - relaxation channel - youtube](
random strikes of shortness of breath while trying to sleep like the wind just got knocked out of you ?
esc full form stands for “[effective stress counseling]( esc is a key factor to motivate underperformed employees through esc.
what is an efficient stress management strategy?
learn how to mention “no” know your limits and stick with them.
whether in your personal or business life, refuse to simply accept added responsibilities when you're on the brink of reaching them.
taking over the quiet you'll handle may be a surefire recipe for stress.
what are 6 stress management techniques?
focus on breathing.
get a hug from a beloved.
enjoy aromatherapy.
eat a diet.
make time for leisure activities.
practice yoga.
it knows your future, and all possible combinations of it.
whatever choice you make your higher self knows the series of events after that, and if you wish to get to a certain point in your life in the future, it knows how to get there exactly, step by step.
a big reason why you experience non-instantaneous gratification of your wishes is that you may not be listening to your higher self.
that delay is caused by differences between what your ego-your personality here on earth-chooses and what your higher self will let you know to do or not to do.
if you want to be more aware, intuitive, detached from situations that won't bring you closer to your goals, and creative instead of reactive.
i made this [youtube video]( in hopes to help you trust your higher self, learn how to recognize when your higher self is warning you through your intuition and confirm through goosebumps you are on the right path.
i never thought i would come to this point in my life where i would be having heart problems due to stress and anxiety.
i haven’t been able to fully sleep this whole week and i’ve been staying up or waking up suddenly too.
my heart has been making weird noises and i had to go to urgent care just to make sure things weren’t wrong.
on the bright side my ekg was normal and i’m not having any signs of anything serious.
but i’m having a hard time resting.
i haven’t talked to any of my friends in a while and have just been talking to my coworkers and parents.
and i can’t keep talking to my parents.
like i haven’t talked to anyone my age in god knows how long.
 new yorkers: are you feeling worried, sad, anxious, or depressed?
teachers college, columbia university is offering no-cost telehealth therapy as part of a research study for individuals across new york state that are struggling with emotional distress during the covid-19 pandemic.
if you are an adult between the ages of 18-65, you may be eligible to receive this innovative treatment from specially trained clinicians.
eligible participants will be compensated for brief questionnaires before and after therapy.
between therapy sessions, participants will be invited to utilize a novel internet- and mobile-based platform to supplement treatment.
for more information and to fill out a pre-screen questionnaire, please visit:
heyejehowh i made a post about my stress before and honestly?
it never improvedim still suffering from stress and suicidal thoughts every night because i’m too scared that i have to go to school in the morning, i usually sleep at 2 am to reassure myself that theres no more stress (yes, i do my assignments last minute)i remember on the 2nd day of my 2nd week at my new school, my mental breakdown lasted 4 hours while i was forcing myself to do my assignments.
yeah that night wasn’t very pleasanteven if i try to talk about my stress to my parents they dont listen at allmy dad just tells me to drink water and breathe deeply if i have an anxiety attack at schoolmy mom won’t listen even listeni’ve been begging them for homeschool because i hate my school, my dad approves but he needs my mom’s approval, which of course, she doesn’t listen at all.
hell, she thinks i wont do shit even if i get homeschooled because during quarantine i didnt study anything (that was because i was not enrolled in any school at the time)- — - — - —please, can someone please tell me how to convince my mom to approve of homeschooling me, every night i get so stressed about school so i would always beg her but she never listenseven if i try to reason myself she just says “mention homeschooling again, and i’ll ground you.”
i know it may be difficult to except the things you cannot change, but what happened is in the past.
it is over.
it is yesterday.
we cannot get the past back and "redo" it, like hitting the 'undo icon' when typing on the computer.
we can control what happens from this day forward, what we do in the present moment.
before the pandemic, we were able to have control over what we did.
the pandemic put a stop to our routines as we know them.
we cannot control or change it.
but we can control how we react to the situation we find ourselves in.
i know it is frustrating to wait.
it causes us to have anxiety and stress.
for our own health and mental state we have to accept what is.
the current situation is not something that we wanted or asked for, but now that it is here we have to find a way to deal with it.
there are different activities we can get involved in to take our minds off of the stress we feel, while we wait for things to return to normal (or "new" normal):cleaningcookingexploring a hobbyorganizing computer files (usb drive)readingstarting a long-awaited projecttalking to friendsvolunteeringwriting once we find a way in our lives to handle the uncontrollable situation, we will be better off.
this reminds me of a prayer i learned as a child called the serenity prayer.
god grant me the serenity to accept the things i cannot change, courage to change the things i can, and the wisdom to know the difference.
a person who refuses to accept what cannot be changed, will only make themselves unhappy and bitter in the long run.
this is not healthy.
the attempts to change the past will create so much negativity and stress, no one will want to be around the person.
so letting go of circumstances we have no control over, is a tremendous way to relieve angst.
the thing that went wrong can be chalked up to a mistake which should be recognized and corrected.
once the mistake is rectified, then the learning and healing process can begin.
this brings me to another quote i learned in school by george santayana, "those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it."
so if we do not learn from the past and remember what occurred, then we will go through the same anxiety-filled experience again.
we can make our lives as wonderful and as stressfree as we want.
but we have to make a choice to go in a positive direction.
it starts with letting go of what we cannot change, move out of the past into a bright, unifying optimistic future.
this article was originally posted on my site november 5, 2020.
 an important part of keeping healthy and fit is to look after your own mental health.
there are plenty of things you can do to help be certain that you keep yourself emotionally healthy.
## get plenty of sleepsleep is actually important for our physical and mental wellness.
these chemicals are important in handling our moods and emotions.
if we don't get enough sleep, we could begin to feel anxious or depressed.
the sleep foundation provides suggestions on how to sleep well, and also to overcome problems with sleeping.
## eat welleating well is not only important for our bodies, however, it's also important for our minds.
try to eat a balanced diet.
if you find you are a particularly stressed or anxious individual, you ought to attempt limiting or cutting out caffeine as this can make you feel jittery and anxious.
## avoid alcohol, smoking and drugssmoking and drinking aren't things that we always associate with withdrawal symptoms, but they can cause some which affect on your mental wellbeing.
when you have had a few drinks you can feel more miserable and anxious the next day, and it can be more difficult to concentrate.
excessive drinking for extended intervals can leave you with a thiamine deficiency.
thiamine is very important to our mind function and a deficiency can result in severe memory issues, motor (coordination) problems, eye and confusion problems.
if you smoke, then involving cigarettes your body and brain go into withdrawal that makes you irritable and nervous.
other drugs will often leave you in withdrawal and may often cause quite low moods and anxiety.
more serious effects of drugs include paranoia and delusions.
there's some research that suggests drug use is related to developing mental disorders like schizophrenia.
take a look at our pages on help to stop smoking and on alcohol and subtance use to learn more.
## get plenty of sunlightsunlight is a superb source of vitamin d. vitamin d is a essential vitamin for our bodies and our brains.
it helps our brains to release compounds which enhance our disposition, such as endorphins and dopamine.
try to go out in the sun when you can, but be sure you keep your skin and eyes secure.
30 minutes to 2 hours per day of sun is ideal.
some people today find using a special light-therapy lamp helps to alleviate the symptoms.
## manage anxietystress is often unavoidable, but understanding what causes your anxiety and understanding how to deal is vital in maintaining good mental health.
try to control your responsibilities and worries by building a list or a schedule of if you can resolve each situation.
frequently in the event that you break down your anxieties and stresses and write them down, then you realise that they're manageable.
if you find you're having difficulty sleeping, or are waking up considering all of the things that are stressing you out, write them down and assure yourself that it is possible to deal with them in the morning.
## action and exercisebeing busy not only provides you a feeling of accomplishment, but it also boosts the chemicals in your brain that will help set you in a good mood.
exercising can help remove low mood, anxiety, tension and feeling tired and lazy.
it is also connected to living a more life.
you do not need to run a marathon or play 90 minutes of soccer; a short walk or another gentle activity might do the trick.
take a peek at our exercise and sport section, or visit our events calendar, for suggestions and information about what is going on in your area.
## do something you liketry to create time to do the interesting things you enjoy.
if you like going for a stroll painting or a particular tv series, try to set aside time to enjoy your self.
if we do not spend any time doing things we enjoy, we can become irritable and miserable.
whether you need help to find out and about or not take a peek at our things to do part, or visit our events calendar, for suggestions and information on what's going on in your region.
connect with other people and be sociabletry an effort to keep good relationships and speak to people whenever you get the opportunity.
having friends is significant not simply for your own self-esteem, but also for providing support when you are not feeling too great.
studies have found that speaking to other people for just ten minutes may improve memory and test scores!
whether or not you find going out and meeting people difficult you may take a look at our social activities our events calendar for inspiration.
helping others is not just good for the people you're helping; it is very good for you too.
helping someone can help with your own self-esteem and make you feel great about your place in the world.
feeling like you are part of a community is a really important part of your psychological well being.
you can try volunteering for a local charity, or just being neighborly.
## ask for helpamong the most significant ways to keep yourself emotionally healthy is to recognize when you're not feeling good, and also to know when to ask for support.
there's no shame in asking someone for support if you are feeling stressed or low.
everybody goes through patches where they do not feel as good as they need to.
it is possible to try talking to your friends or family, or if you believe your mental health is getting on top of you then it is possible to talk to your gp.
 i’m in the process of launching a new app and would really appreciate your advice.
but first let me tell you why i felt the need to create the app in the first place.
how i hated zoom.
 when the covid craze set in a year ago, i was not ready.
i don’t about you, but transitioning from the life i was accustomed to, where everything was familiar and predictable, to remote work, in a matter of days, was stressful for me.
and i wasn’t alone in those feelings - my team also felt overwhelmed and stressed out with that sudden isolation in the constant company of the new (and uninvited) friend - zoom.
remember the extreme degree of uncertainty that prevailed at the onset of the lockdown?
we had no idea when the isolation would end, when we would get our lives back, when we would see our friends.
it took about a month for the anxiety to accumulate, and then one after another my employees started to drop out of the work process.
“sorry, i’m feeling down”, “not feeling well”, “can’t hand that in”etc.
then a girl burst into tears during one zoom conference, and after having a one-on-one talk with her, i realized that she was experiencing the same thing i was - anxiety and depression.
and we weren’t alone in that - a bigger part of my team was having a tough time dealing.
individual therapy.
ok, sure, i know that the answer to those problems is psychotherapy.
and yes, i had a therapist, but each session cost me, we met only once per week online, which felt insufficient to help me cope with all that crumbled on top of me.
i would go to my session, whine, complain, ask for advice, and then i was again alone, on my own.
then i tried to put myself in the shoes of my employees: they couldn't afford those costly sessions.
i know that a couple of them turned to affordable psychologists from social services, but felt little relief.
i don’t know, how this sounds to you at the moment - maybe a bit dramatic.
but a year ago, that’s exactly how it felt - almost like the world was ending.
anyway, my team and i ended up surfing the net for self-help articles to cope with our new reality - we actually launched a daily article exchange at our morning meetings.
idea for the app.
 that’s when i thought about affordable psychological support.
a service that would be available 24/7.
trustworthy information one could turn to when the anxiety kicked in.
i pitched this idea to my friend, who runs an it-company and we decided to develop a self-help app.
later we called it “therappy”.
the idea behind the app is to build a digital supplement for the therapist visits (or maybe even replace talk therapy altogether).
i realize how ambitious this endeavor might sound, but i think we did a good job with our first anti-anxiety course.
this is where i need your help - can you have a look at it and give me your feedback - however positive or negative it may be.
what do you think about this idea?
do you think it could work?
should we start growing the content in the app, reaching out to some other problems.
p.s.
i’m aware that an app like this is not suitable for people with clinical depression, suicidal ideation, or any other serious psychological or psychiatric conditions.
yes - people with serious conditions should consult a specialist.
from minor difficulties to significant disasters, anxiety is part of existence.
and as you can not always control your circumstances, you are able to control the way you react to them.
when anxiety becomes overwhelming, also it is chronic, it may take a toll on your own well-being.
that is why it's important to get effective stress relievers which could calm your brain and your own body.
and what works for you at home may not be a choice when you are at work or at the area (dance around your living area may be useful but dance at the grocery store may not be).
so it is important to get an assortment of pressure relief tools available.
following that, you will have the ability to select a plan that is most suitable for your present conditions.
short-term stress-relief plans you can do anywherewhether you are planning to be interviewed for a job or you are feeling overwhelmed by your children's behaviour in the playground, it is important to get some anxiety reduction tools which may decrease your anxiety at the moment.
the finest short-term plans:can be done anywheretake very small exercise to learnare liberatedgive immediate relieftry guided imageryguided imagery is similar to taking a brief holiday on mind.1﻿ it may entail imaging yourself being on your"happy place"--perhaps picturing yourself sitting on a beach, listening to the waves, smelling the sea, and feeling the hot sand beneath you.
guided imagery may be carried out with a recording in which you listen to a person help you through a calm scene.
or, as soon as you understand how to do it your self, you are able to practice guided imagery by yourself.
only close your eyes for a moment and walk through a calm scene.
think about all of the sensory experiences you would participate in and let yourself feel as if you are really there.
meditation brings short-term pressure relief in addition to lasting stress management advantages.
there are several distinct kinds of meditation to attempt --every is unique and attracts its own allure.2﻿you may develop a mantra which you repeat in your mind while you take slow deep breaths.
or, you could take a couple of minutes to practice mindfulness, which entails being in the present time.
if you are centered on the here-and-now, you will not have the ability to ruminate about something that happened and you can not be concerned about something later on.
meditation and mindfulness require exercise, but it might make a large difference in your overall stress level.
progressive muscle relaxation entails relaxing all the muscles in our bodies, group by grouping.3﻿ to practice, you can begin with a couple deep breaths.
afterward, exercise tightening and relaxing every muscle group, beginning with your brow and moving down to your feet.
with exercise, you will learn how to recognize tension and stiffness in your muscles and you will have the ability to relax more easily.
every time you exercise, nevertheless, you need to experience a sense of relaxation sweeping throughout your entire body.
&amp;#x200b;# concentrate on breathingsimply focusing on your breath or changing how you breathe could make a large difference to your general stress level.
breathing methods may calm your body and your mind in only a couple of moments.4﻿&amp;#x200b;the best news isthat nobody around you'll even know you are doing them.
so if you are at a stressful interview or you are sitting at a crowded theatre, breathing exercises may be crucial to reducing your anxiety.5﻿&amp;#x200b;while there are lots of different breathing exercises, such as karate breathing, a couple of straightforward ones include:&amp;#x200b;count slowly to three because you inhale.
hold for a minute and then slowly breathe out through your nose because you count to 3 .
imagine that atmosphere spreading throughout your entire body.
as you exhale, imagine that you are breathing out pressure and tension.
# have a walkexercise is an excellent stress reliever that may work in moments.
taking a walk permits you to enjoy a change of scenery, which may get you into a different mindset, and provides the benefits of exercise too.
&amp;#x200b;so if you simply have to have a stroll round the office to find a rest out of a bothersome undertaking or you opt to go for a long walk at the park after work, walking is a very simple but efficient method to rejuvenate your body and mind.6﻿&amp;#x200b;from the solitude of your home, there are lots of stress relief plans which could enable you to unwind fast.
so if you have had a difficult day on the job or you are worried about how much you've got to perform, these plans may provide you some instant relief from your own stress.
&amp;#x200b;physical contact may do a great deal to alleviate your anxiety.
&amp;#x200b;oxytocin is associated with high levels of pleasure and reduced levels of anxiety.
&amp;#x200b;oxytocin also causes a decrease in blood pressure.7﻿ it lowers the stress hormone norepinephrine and may make a feeling of relaxation.
&amp;#x200b;therefore don't be scared to request a loved one to get a hug if you require it.
it is very good for the two of you and it may be among the easiest kinds of anxiety relief accessible.
&amp;#x200b;aromatherapy has real advantages for stress relief--it might allow you to feel energized, more relaxed, or even much more existing at the present time.
&amp;#x200b;emerging research indicates certain scents can change brain wave action and reduce stress hormones within the body.8﻿&amp;#x200b;so whether you like candles, diffusers, or entire body products, look at integrating some aromatherapy in your day.
&amp;#x200b;# create artgetting in touch with your creative side might have been simple for you during youth, but if you've lost contact with your penchant for art, it is not too late to pick this up again.
&amp;#x200b;if you are not into painting or drawing, consider coloring in a coloring book.
adult coloring books have grown in popularity and for good reason--bleach could be a fantastic stress reliever.9﻿&amp;#x200b;research consistently indicates that coloring may have a meditative effect.
1 research discovered that stress levels drop in people who were coloring complicated geometric patterns, which makes it an ideal outlet for anxiety reduction.
&amp;#x200b;particular habits can promote resilience to pressure, in addition to increase overall wellbeing.
by way of instance, people who exercise or meditate frequently are somewhat less worried in the face of a challenging challenge.10﻿&amp;#x200b;so it is important to make a lifestyle which can allow you to ward off anxiety and cope with challenges in a healthful way.
&amp;#x200b;a bad diet may bring increased reactivity toward anxiety.
11﻿ emotional ingestion and reaching high-fat, high-sugar foods can offer a temporary sense of relief which adds to a long-term stress.
&amp;#x200b;processed carbohydrates, such as cookies and potato chips, can lead to a spike in blood glucose.
if your blood sugar crashes, you may experience more anxiety and nervousness.
&amp;#x200b;consuming a nutritious diet can help you fight anxiety over the long haul.
foods such as eggs, avocado, and walnuts encourage disposition regulation and energy balance.
&amp;#x200b;leisure activities can be an excellent way to alleviate stress.12﻿ however, a lot of men and women feel like their lives are too busy for games, hobbies, or even additional pleasure.
&amp;#x200b;but constructing time for leisure in your program could be crucial to helping you feel your best.
when you are feeling better, you are going to perform better, meaning leisure time can make your work time more effective.
&amp;#x200b;whether you discover delight in caring for a backyard or you enjoy making quilts, leisure and hobbies are crucial to living your very best life.
&amp;#x200b;# create a favorable self-talk habithow that you speak to your own issues.
harsh self-criticism, self-doubt, and devastating predictions are not valuable.
if you are always thinking things such as,"i do not have enough time for this," and"i can not endure this," you will worry out yourself.
&amp;#x200b;it is very important to learn how to speak to yourself at a more realistic, more compassionate way.
if you call yourself names or doubt your ability to be successful, answer with a kinder internal conversation.
&amp;#x200b;and a positive and compassionate dialogue can help you handle your emotions and take positive actions.
&amp;#x200b;# exercise yogayoga unites physical movement, meditation, mild exercise, and controlled breathing--most of which offer exceptional stress relief.13﻿&amp;#x200b;and as you are very likely to reap instant benefits from one yoga session, then you are very likely to get long-term gains if you integrate it into your own life in a constant manner.
&amp;#x200b;yoga provides a number of physical, emotional, and spiritual advantages.
to begin, you could take a course, enroll in an internet program, or utilize a program that will assist you start practicing.
&amp;#x200b;gratitude makes it possible to recognize all of the things you must be thankful for.
whether you are thankful for a bright day or grateful you came at work , think about all of the great things you need in life.
&amp;#x200b;gratitude also reminds one of each the tools you need to deal with anxiety, which is quite empowering.
&amp;#x200b;  #
hey guys i'm new to this subreddit but i'm a sophomore in highschool but plan to graduate at the end of next year.
the thing is though, i have 2 months left in the school year and have to finish 2 courses completely, thus allowing me to enroll into 2 more full year courses that i have to finish, along with all of my other classes.
also, i have to study for the sat and since keystones were cancelled due to lovely miss corona out here, i have to study for those, which are in september, for classes i haven't done in over a year.
on top of all of that, i have to start looking into colleges and scholarships and i'm 15!
there aren't many resources for 15 yr olds who have no clue what they are doing.
long story short, i'm completely burned out and stressed.
stressed to the point of sitting on the bathroom floor doing homework and inevitably throwing up.
at this point i can't go back and my parents think it is so exciting, but here i am at 3 am where i sleep all day and can't sleep at night like a flipping depressed bat.
help
i know i’m prone to stress, there’s a lot going on in life, and normally i’m great at recognizing it and stopping myself from getting in a tizzy, but yesterday i had one too many triggers and before i knew it my blood pressure reached almost critical.
i took my blood pressure on a whim, wasn’t even agitated.
bottom number was 104 (critical is 110, normal is &lt;80).
i’ve never seen it that high before.
i do my rapid blood pressure relief protocol and drive myself to the er.
lost an evening of sleep and was on bed rest all of today.
this is a friendly reminder to a) get your blood pressure checked when under stress and b) to take it easy.
your life is more important than any arbitrary schedule or deadline.
what’s important is that you’re functional so you can be functional for everyone else.
if that means taking a day off or asking someone for help do it.
screw my ego, i’m surrounding myself with more people to help take a load of my shoulders because sometimes temporary burdens are too much to shoulder alone.
i’m stress like really stress.
i just want say it somewhere.
it’s my first year of uni and there’s this one class i might end up failing i hate the class so much and i really don’t want to re take it😭 my mind is blank and i feel so unmotivated.
thinking about the future just makes me want to cry and cry 😭😭 i’m scared..
hey guys, i recently got a new job at an it firm.
but before confirming my role in the company, i have to take an assessment.
i am currently attending a training course for that.
some of the topics are completely new and they are taken in such a short amount of time.
i have so many assignments to finish.
i have been sleeping less than 5 hours everyday for the past one and a half months.
i think i have reached a breaking point.
i feel like throwing up all the time.
i am constantly on the brink of tears and feel so helpless.
with all of this going on, i cannot even prepare properly for the assessment.
i think i am loosing my mind
does your employer provide you with mental wellness resources?
what do they offer?
did you use them?
tia
i am so close to graduation, yet right now seems like the most stressful days of my life.
i have tons of homework every week, my parents will not let me quit my soul sucking internship until i find a new job, and i just found out my ex girlfriend broke up with me because of a guy she met at work.
i just feel so overwhelmed, i have been denied by like 10 different companies i’ve applied to for jobs i don’t even want.
i realized this year that the major i chose is not what i want to do in life, but my parents are insistent on me finding a job in that field.
today i applied to a local liquor store to hopefully be able to at least quit my internship.
i just needed to vent, so to anyone who reads this, thank you.
my body is so done with the stress: headaches, tight chest, palpitations, sleepless nights.. i’m living in the fog between coffee and cigarettes (which i’ve taken up again only this week).
i get stressed easily, i have few responsibilities and i try to keep life simple, but when it hits it hits me hard.
i just needed somewhere to write things down, and there’s no place is better than a public forum.
hopefully someone out there will relate, although i’m not sure anyone can help.
i have little to no work at the moment thanks to the virus, i have an exhibition planned in a different city next month that i feel unprepared for, i have an essay due next month as well that i’m struggling with, and my pc (no which all this relies) decided to crash last night.
it works now, but the sudden instability threw me, and i feel like it could happen again at any moment.
i’m not spiraling, but my body is so run down.
if i could get in gear to do some work then i could maybe work through it, my stress is usually around not meeting deadlines.
but every time i pick up again something else gets thrown into the works and the stress comes back..
so i’m in the process of buying things for my new apartment.
it’s my first time moving and i will admit it has been just a tad bit stressful.
these last two nights i woke up with one sided painful headaches.
could this be due to overthinking and keeping stress within me?
i don’t typically get these headaches while sleeping/waking up.
thanks.
i have become so overwhelmed with life lately.
between the multiple jobs, a competitive college program (dms certification) i'm hoping to apply for soon, and a court date that i'm waiting on, i am constantly on edge.
i just don't know what i'm going to do it things fall apart... i've fallen into a depressive state and i don't know how to shake it.
the crying is constant and sleep without nightmares is rare.
how should i get myself back to normal?
i don’t want to explain why i’m stressed right now, it’s too painful.
i do have it in my post history if needed.
i can’t eat, it’s been three days since i’ve eaten.
i just tried to eat some potato soup, but i took about 10~ bites (i didn’t count, it’s just a guess) and now i’m in the bathroom.
i’m not throwing up, but it went straight through me.
i slept five hours the first night, but i passed out later that day while typing up a letter.
i took a three hour nap, and then i stayed up for about four hours.
when i fell asleep that time i slept for twelve hours.
i don’t feel the need or the want to eat, but i know i need to.
i need my strength and energy.
i’m just so nauseous with stress and anxiety.
my chest is tight and it feels like someone is squeezing my heart.
today is day three that i have felt this way.
it has felt like so much longer.
it hurts to breathe.
my stomach is so upset that i can’t stay out of the bathroom.
i’m trying to get in with better help online therapy, but i need help now.
i need to be able to think straight and cope until i can get into therapy
i’ve lost all my motivation to learn, and even if i do find it, i can never focus.
i don’t particularly enjoy learning, but i can understand that it is something i have to do to get good grades, but i’ve never had such a though time making myself study.
i have some exams this april, and my parents keep on pressuring me to study, they tell me that if i get less than 90%, they’ll ground me.
they’re even telling me to not do my homework and just study.
i’m trying, i really am, but whenever i finish reading a bit, it’s just as if i’ve never read it.
whenever i do a practice test, i read the question, and i answer something completely off (as in the question asks me to write the smallest value, but i write the 3rd biggest and i don’t even notice my mistake).
i don’t know what to do to get my motivation and concentration back.
i keep imagining myself getting high grades and making my parents proud, or studying and understanding everything, but i can’t focus, and i can’t actually get myself to be that person that i’m trying to be to make parents like me, which stresses me so bad (i don’t want them to ignore me for days because of a grade, i also don’t want to be grounded and get accused of not studying even though i did).
on empty all the time.
just tired and ready to go.
the world’s a mess.
so am i. all i see is an endless loop of chaos, greed, selfishness, lies most of it hidden behind a positive disguise and the rest out in the open for people to see.
people who ignore it and deny it so they could live in their perfect world.
pure selfishness, no patience for understanding, no time for studying without prejudice, standard set spoiling the mind of some destroying the whole experience of life for all.
if most of you died today you wouldn’t know what the truth is because you spent more time trying to ignore it, rather than accepting and trying to fix it.
because it’s just easier to let it all play out that way in your head.
put yourself in other people’s shoes.
care for others.
show appreciation.
protect those who need protecting.
accept the truth.
deal with it.
improve, then live your life with a mind wide open, and with eyes that can actually see.
i suffer from anxiety, stress and insomnia.
 i found these short meditation videos on youtube to help me out immensely .
these guided meditation videos help me calm my thoughts and get to sleep faster.
i loved these meditations so much i found making a youtube channel with this type of content would help me stay consistent with my meditation practice.
here is my latest video.
any and all feedback is welcome.
thanks!
&amp;#x200b;[
i moved to another place in 2020, i didn’t care much for the change of environment and it’s not like i cared much for my old schoolbut the thing is, while i was in quarantine (early 2021) i had developed an unstable emotionality state.
i became more sensitive and yk that stuffwhen i finally enrolled in my new school, it didnt help shit.
all they did was give me assignments on top of assignments while i was still trying to fix my emotional stability, it didnt help anything.
i hate it here, everything is so different from where i was born and lived there for all of my life.
i haven’t made any friends, and all my teachers just rule me out as the new student who is lazy and dumb even though i’m trying my best to keep up after losing one year of education to quarantine.
my mother never asked about how i felt before ever deciding to move all of us all the way here.
shits been rough.
looking back at the last 10 years all i can think is, why couldn't i just fucking chillllll i ran full speed into every bad decision, made every wrong choice.
every life lesson i've learned i learned the hard way.. and am still paying for all of it.
i basically threw it all out the window.
all the important things.
education, family, freedom.
no education, betrayed family, i'm dependent on the government and kindness of a coworker to support my 2 little boys and myself, my job doesn't pay the rent to say the least, but i've got not qualifications, no ged or hs diploma.
i guess my point is i'm so stressed and i need a break so badly.
i'm tearing up writing this part, ugh.
anyway.. im not religious but i beg god to give me a break dozens of times a day.
but i don't think i deserve a break.
i think i deserve to feel this pain and worry after hurting all the people who cared about me so much, and making bad life decisions leads to consequences.. now i'm living with my consequences and it's so horrible..i just want to scream and cry.
but instead i go under the blanket like now, write down my thoughts and try to breathe it out and think of good things i can do to fix it.
i need to studyi need to get my ged certificatei need to find a job i need to get my licensei need to move somewhere with good schoolsi need to create a stable life for my boys before struggling is all they can remember.
i am a graduate student at pace university conducting a research study exploring in-school mental health service access and use among american students.
if you are between the ages of 18 and 24 and currently enrolled in school, you may participate in this study by taking an online survey.
the survey will take approximately 15 minutes to complete.
[please feel free to pass this survey link on to anyone you know that may be interested in participating.
i greatly appreciate your time.
thank you!
 new yorkers: are you feeling worried, sad, anxious, or depressed?
teachers college, columbia university is offering no-cost telehealth therapy as part of a research study for individuals across new york state that are struggling with emotional distress during the covid-19 pandemic.
if you are an adult between the ages of 18-65, you may be eligible to receive this innovative treatment from specially trained clinicians.
eligible participants will be compensated for brief questionnaires before and after therapy.
between therapy sessions, participants will be invited to utilize a novel internet- and mobile-based platform to supplement treatment.
for more information and to fill out a pre-screen questionnaire, please visit:
when i get overwhelmed and anxious i feel like there are a million thoughts in my head that i can’t control.
it feels like yelling and even sounds i can’t explain.
there is pressure around my ears and kind of a ringing sound, and i get a feeling at the bottom of my back.
my brain feels all jumbled like someone is stirring it.
i’ll be studying and it’s so hard to focus on school when this happens.
i'm looking for participants to complete my phd survey that explores how an individuals early life experiences affects his/her psychological health.
this will help me devise management strategies to be used as self-help techniques to overcome distress in future.
if you could spare 15 min to complete this.
link is: [
i have a serious trauma of losing my 1.5 year old pet (who died of unknown reason), and ever since then i can't sleep well at night (this is all amplified by my own irl issues with job and family).
started taking trazodone 50mg 3 days ago, while i can sleep more than 5 hours a day now, i still wake up early.
i spoke with doctor, my family etc.
nothing is helping with the nightmares.
suggestions?
dear all,i really love my girlfriend, but sometimes she becomes unbearable due to acute stress.
this morning she lost her keys of her brand new e-bike and she got really angry (not at me just angry, but at times like this she cannot reason properly).
due to her light form of autism she really is bad at stress management, especially when something happens what she feels is out of her control (like losing brand new e-bike keys 😉)while i feel managing stress and trying to solve the problem rather than getting angry/sad/dissapointed etc etc  is an important skill in life.
i myself never get stressed out of my mind and just try to make a new plan and try until i succeed, i just don't understand why and how she gets angry and sadly don't know how to properly help her.
is there somebody that can help me help her?
severe stressed has aged me tremendously in the past year, i look years older in such a short time.
how can i reverse this?
i’m a commuter student in college and have 10 assignments due this week...and thy are large projects.
3 of them require me to be on campus and meet with people, which takes more time away from the other ones.
i wake up bombarded with texts and people asking me to do stuff.
i’m so exhausted and stressed that i can’t even think about completing one.
i wake up miserable and barely have any time for myself.
what is the perfect age to get married from your oppinion ?
i escaped a toxic job in which i spent a period of years under constant high time pressure, high stress and high frustration, now i have chest pain anytime i am under time pressure at work or self inflicted time pressure, if something is taking too long/longer than i thought, i get frustrated and instantly feel chest pain.
like my body has decided that is the correct instant response, to go to full panic mode and i am constantly expecting to feel it.
mentioned it to doctor once they said if i don't feel it during exercise (which i don't) they are not worried.
any tips?
looking to get feedback on emotional intelligence and stress reduction course creation.
your feedback will help us produce content that will help people be happier and smarter.
here is the survey: [there are only eight (8) questions on the survey, and there is certainly nothing to buy.
we will send you a gift to thank you for your help!
grateful for your support!
i am a korean high school student in junior year.
we have to study everyday for 3years to pass one test which every student aims for the same 3 schools.
we have english tests that native speakers can’t even solve.
math problems that normal people do in university.
and i have no output for all the pressure and stress.
we don’t have time for sports, our government blocked all the p0rn sites, and everyone from our parents to the random owner of a cafe take away our phones and tell us to go study.
i need an answer asap
i have a new part time job at a restaurant and i'm stressed about a few things:1) i'm going to start training to be a kitchen manager.
i'm 17 and have never had a job before, so this is a bit intimidating.
though the pay will be nice.
2) a girl i'm training with (the restaurant hasnt opened yet and i applied for a general position, was chosen by a trainer for the promotion) really wants this position and i dont want to make things awkward.
3) they're kind of pushing these labor laws.
i'm working shifts that are past midnight and between 6.5 and 8 hours for 5 days in a row.
that would be fine if i didnt have school and could drive.
but they're really up to the limit.
so, i guess i'm just asking for advice.
has anyone been in a similar position, or can help me juggle work, school, and managing to somehow keep up my artistic hobbies until school is over in 2 months?
i'm kind of panicking.
i just played some music and started listing everything i need to do with dates.
it's honestly a lot of work and with midterms coming up next week it's overwhelming.
what are some strategies you do?
for now, i'm like "what is sleep?"
but i know sleeping is also important.
as the title says, i'm interested in looking into different natural vitamins/supplements i can take that might help reduce my stress levels/give me a better sense of calm.
i've looked into supplements such as 5-htp, ashwagandha, and magnesium but have heard mixed reviews about all of them.
are there any that have worked for any of you out there?
 child hood traumas, events that happened or even words that were said a long time ago, can hurt and carry through into adulthood, robbing us of our aliveness and spontaneity, there is a tendency to store the energy of an unresolved trauma by locking it in the body.
even if the situation happened only once, an unreleased and unresolved trauma can become trapped within the body and its energy field, causing tension, stress and possibly diseasereleasing this stored, suppressed or blocked energy is a healthy, natural process that allows a person to resolve issues and to become more alive.
one simple method to release this energy is by clearing it from your meridians (channels through which flows energy((spiritual chills, euphoria, voluntary goosebumps, ecstasy, prana, chi, qi, vayus, aura, mana, life force, pitī, rapture, ruah, ether, nephesch, chills, goosebumps, the force.))
if you are interested into doing this free and simple method here's a [youtube video]( for you.
hi everyone!
we are a group of four students at the research university of amsterdam, currently examining stress during pregnancy.
we are mainly looking at how it may affect you and your baby, and how to prevent or reduce it.
feel free to write a comment in the comment section, or to contact us!
thank you.
hello all, a week ago we posted our first research survey on stress and heart conditions in this subreddit.
we are very grateful and humbled by the community response.
thank you to everyone who participated, for your willingness to help our early-stage research.
we have just begun a new survey, more focused on solutions (still in early development) for stress management among those suffering from heart conditions.
it has more questions than the previous one, but it should take 3 minutes or less to fill in.
if you feel that stress management is relevant for your heart condition(s), and if you have 3 minutes to spare, we would highly value your participation in our survey: [thank you very much!
how to increase self-confidence, regulate emotions, develop a growth mindset [link found here](www.lisabergstrom.com)join my private facebook pageupdate: i don’t know why people can be so closed minded.
i guess there’s a lot of scumbags out there so i actually do get it.
but it’s helping a lot of people and it’s for free.
if you’re against the self promotion, then use the the program “the 21 day brain detox,” which is the technique that we use.
so today i’m stressing and having a painful headache.
today my whole family says i’m “codo” (mexican street word of saying cheap) that it hurts for me to spend money on my mother.
which is half true it hurts but i at least give her something like right now i’ve been doing better on give her some money so she can buy herself something or when i bought her pans because she needed pans.
but this week i failed for her birthday because i didn’t willingly offered to buy the cake or pay a whole lasagna (because my dad kept asking how much he owes me so i said we can split the check however that was wrong because it was a test if i was willingly going to offer in paying the whole meal) that my mom wanted.
they say i’m cheap but i always buy stuff that my family likes even though yeah hurts me but if they want it i will buy it.
right now i guess this is me just to vent.
i don’t know what to do to prove to my parents that i’m not cheap and that i have been buying stuff willingly for my mother.
my father says i still have mother’s day and christmas to do it correctly i guess.
but for today my moms birthday i got her a necklace that said mom and a birthday card.
it stresses me out because they say that i haven’t changed but i feel like i’ve doing very small baby steps in changing this bad characteristic of me but they expect me to drastically change because i guess it’s a habit that they never taught me to break at a young age.
i don’t think i’m a penny pincher but i know it hurts when my bank account goes down but i mean i know my mom would do the same for me in buying stuff that i would like.
i’m horrible with presents and sometimes i wish my mom could give me strong hints in what she wants and give me an idea what to give her.
but can someone help out on how to change this habit and prove my parents i’m not a cheapskate on my mom for special occasions or when she is wanting them.
and how can i be more aware on what she wants.
hello everyone, i am a senior student in dar jana international school, and i am doing this survey as a part of data collection for my english graduation research project.
my topic focuses on highlighting the relation between chronic stress and adaptive immunity in adolescents.
please fill out this survey as this will take no longer than two minutes.
 new yorkers: are you feeling worried, sad, anxious, or depressed?
teachers college, columbia university is offering no-cost telehealth therapy as part of a research study for individuals across new york state that are struggling with emotional distress during the covid-19 pandemic.
if you are an adult between the ages of 18-65, you may be eligible to receive this innovative treatment from specially trained clinicians.
eligible participants will be compensated for brief questionnaires before and after therapy.
between therapy sessions, participants will be invited to utilize a novel internet- and mobile-based platform to supplement treatment.
for more information and to fill out a pre-screen questionnaire, please visit:
info from andew huberman with my own tipstake a large nasal breath (to 99%) followed by a second shorter more vigorus breath (to 100%) so your lungs are at 100% capacity.
immediately relax your diafram and let the air go slowly controling the air escape with you lips, aim to extend the exhale and go really slowly towards the end, pause, and repeat.
mechanism of action:emphaising the exhale and making it longer is important because as when the diaphram is relaxed and shortened it creates more space in the chest cavity, giving more space to the heart, the vegus nerve signals the brain the hearts expansion and vaso dilation, and slows down heart rate to maintain stroke volume.
the opposite happens with inhale when the heart is more cramped.
the effect of controling the exhale with your mouth rather than the diaphram is to have the diaphram relaxed and shortened quicker and for longer, thus giving the heart more space for longer.
the effect of the double inhale is to repop any alveoli and offload more co2, which can build up during stress and can contribute to it, forming a positive feedback loop.
i have a constant pain in both sides of my jaw as i apparently clench my teeth too much when stressed.
i also seem to clench in my sleep and it’s getting to the point where i have to take breaks in the middle of eating because it hurts too much.
unfortunately the stressors in my life aren’t something i can get rid of or really lessen for a while.
anyone have any advice on training myself not to clench, especially in my sleep, or any tips on massaging the jaw?
hey everyone,not going to be a really long post.
i just wanted to know how people deal when it feels like everything is falling around them?
how do you deal when it feels like it’s too much?
i can’t seem to find a good way.
24m if that helps with advice.
any help is greatly appreciated.
i have been stressed for far too long.
it’s chronic.
recently my penis and groin has become numb.
i was concentrating on it for so long as well.
i don’t take medication.
i took some ashwaganda prior the numbness but numbness began 1.5 months later taking ashwaganda.
i was wondering the root cause of my problem might be stress related?
i checked for everything including ms neuropathy and other problems.
i ruled out everything.
anyone has a similar experience?
my sensations do not change throughout the day the sensitivity is just same.
i'm looking for participants to complete my phd survey that explores how an individuals early life experiences affects his/her psychological health.
this will help me devise management strategies to be used as self-help techniques to overcome distress in future.
if you could spare 15 min to complete this.
link is: [
hi everyone!
we are a group of four students at the research university of amsterdam, currently examining stress during pregnancy.
we are mainly looking at how it may affect you and your baby, and how to prevent or reduce it.
feel free to write a comment in the comment section, or to contact us!
thank you.
i started my new year last september.
every single day i have been in school i have felt incredibly sad and stressed, even when in my free periods where i have no lessons.
i have no idea why when i’m surrounded by good friends and my boyfriend.
when i return home, i still feel sad and alone from the day.
it is a constant cycle of me feeling alone, tired, stressed, sad alllll the time!
i am sick of feeling like this.
i have tried talking to my tutor who i see every morning, and the head of my year.
however nothing seems to have changed.
friday’s are my worst days as i have a lesson which i frequently have anxiety attacks in.
i want to stop feeling this way :( is there anyway i could possibly have less stress?
thank you in advance :) tl;dr = i struggle with stress and anxiety everyday at school, how can i change this?
 hey everyone!
got a quick one for you today.
have you ever tried breathwork before?
breathwork is a super simple and effective intro to meditation.
it’s a great starting place because it gives you something to focus on, and produces effects you can feel right away!
so stop what you’re doing and try this out real quick!
inhale for 6 seconds, then quickly exhale for 2 seconds.
repeat this about 20 times, or as long as you want!
you should feel way more grounded and calm afterwards!
let me know if this helped you :)
in short, i go to a very stressful and rigorous school.
normally this wouldn’t be a problem, but because of covid and my already poor mental health it has left me very stressed pretty much all of the time.
even though i was mentally ill before this, i was mostly just depressed and very sad.
but now, i am experiencing things like constantly feeling dirty, dissociating, and having severe and very vivid nightmares.
i am also having constant flashbacks of very negative memories that i can’t seem to get out of my head.
i am supposed to go to therapy every week, but because of my school schedule i only go once a month, and sometimes even less frequently than that.
i am really not sure what to do.
i feel like school is cutting off my ability to get help or do anything that i enjoy, which would greatly reduce my stress.
this survey is regarding the human study of expressing mental &amp; physical symptoms to identify the amount of stress, anxiety &amp; depression.
this study will help many people to know the factors associated with their mental health paving their way to tacke or overcome their issues.
take a stand to contribute your bit to the society.
[link for the survey] (thanking you
i’m always super stressed out about a test and i have very very very and i quote “very” bad anxiety before a quiz, test, or exam.
i couldn’t even concentrate on the class i had today before my exam.
my heart rate probably increased to 150, i can’t sit still, and i have horrible butterflies in my stomach.
it gets to a point where i somehow mess up easy questions in a lot of my tests.
i think i felt a bit faint as well :/
hi everyone!
we are a group of four students at the research university of amsterdam, currently examining stress during pregnancy.
we are mainly looking at how it may affect you and your baby, and how to prevent or reduce it.
feel free to write a comment in the comment section, or to contact us!
thank you.
&amp;#x200b;[
see title.
&amp;#x200b;i have been with this girl for 4 months and we are both the age of 20 in college.
our relationship has been amazing before the past couple of weeks.
i am really close to losing her because i am just not good at being emotional support for her.
since school started in february, she works part time 25 hours a week while taking 19 credits as a stem major, and contributes to a sorority.
she has no time for anything and has just been so overwhelmed.
she gets about 4 hours of sleep a night and is falling behind in her classes.
every night she has panic attacks and is just so insanely stressed and a lot of the times she says she can't do life and says she is going to kill herself.
our relationship is semi-long distance.
i am able to visit her every other week and be able to spend time with her for 6 days.
i feel i am a lot better at being emotional support for her in person rather than over text or over the phone.
she tells me that i am making it harder for her mentally because i am just really bad at talking her through it.
she also says that i give her more stress because when i talk to her i make her feel bad that she is behind in her classes.
our relationship is on thin ice and she keeps telling me that we are not going to make it.
i potentially have covid so i will not be able to see her for a while.
i am just looking for some advice on how to talk to her.
i am in love with this girl and i just always see past the mentally hurt girl.
when she is mentally healthy she is just the sweetest, funniest, appreciative and loving girl.
we have a lot of potential in our future and i really don't want to lose that.
does anyone have some good advice or links for how to talk to someone who is insanely stressed and depressed?
i need time off but have no idea how to go about it (uk)
i am very anxious and very stressed about the future.
i want to leave from my actual job and to find another job where i am more confident in me.
i am already very stressed about a future interview about a future job and how i will get along with my colleges.
i sleep very bad and i dream about a lot of negative stuff which makes me turn around in my bad all night long.
i already meditate following headspace app.
what can i do more to relax?
i just want some good nights sleep.
and to be more relaxed about my future.
please help a brother out.
hello, we are a small team of researchers investigating stress management among people with cardiovascular/heart conditions.
if you suffer from a (or multiple) heart condition(s), and have 2-3 minutes to spare, we would greatly appreciate your response to this survey.
thank you!
just like everyone else, my life's been pretty stressful the last year.
ive usually dealt with stress and anxiety by doing relaxing things (to me) like looking at memes, reading, and playing the piano (i'm very bad at it, but i like to follow youtube tutorials)recently i've noticed that anytime i've tried to learn a new piece or do something more complex while playing, i've immediately become very anxious, my heart beat speeds up, and i get very uncomfortable.
this is all very weird because i've never had these "panic attack" type things (i know it's not a real panic attack, and i'm not trying to diminish a real one, it's just the best "euphemism" i can come up with), and i've never had a problem learning more complex things on the piano.
is it normal to eventually feel stressed by something that used to do the opposite?
theres no one forcing me to play the piano, no obligations to it, and nothing that should make me feel stressed about it.
i’m in college and i have a light load of classes, especially considering loads other students have.
it’s insanely difficult for me to keep up while working 35 hours a week, but i have no choice.
i need the money.
this week i finally got myself out of a depressive episode enough to get work done since i had some extra time off work this week.
i was doing good.
but i got into a car accident early in the week and i’ve just been so insanely fucked up mentally ever since and stressed about the financials of fixing my car that i have missed several major assignments in a class i was already super behind in.
it’s math, a subject i struggle in enough as it is, and i just can’t seem to catch up.
i requested less hours at work so i’m only going to be working 20-25 hours a week but my professor just gives so much homework and shrugs me, specifically, off.
i don’t want to fail this class.
i turn everything in late even if i know it’s taking a good chunk of my grade off but fuck.
i’m exhausted and can’t sleep, i have no appetite (i have eaten maybe one proper meal in the last 4 days), and i just feel like i’m at my breaking point and literally nobody understands.
everyone just says “haha me too college sucks 🤪” but i’m at a point i wish i just don’t wake up in the morning.
i don’t know what else to do.
i feel like i’m drowning.
my whole life i’ve always felt stressed.
say i’m super stressed about getting an assignment done the night before and i do get it done, i never feel relaxed.
the same “stressed” feeling stays.
i always feel like there’s something i could be doing with my time.
does anyone else feel like this?
need a job so i m just sterssing about it, how can u guys deal with it ?
with unemployment.
i was going through town at 25 mph in my lifted tacoma with larger tires and had to completely stomp on the brakes!
i barely saw this college student walk through the intersection and he kept walking!
even with me slamming the brakes!!
my god i came within like 6-8ft of hitting this guy!
i cant stop checking my truck for damage even though i didn't hit him.
also my breathing and sweaty hands cant calm down, neither my heart rate.
have any of you tried fidget toys for stress relief??
hello,&amp;#x200b;i hope i follow the rules as this is my first post here.
i just need to let out how worried i am rn.
i'll put a tldr at the end because this will be a doosie.
&amp;#x200b;the following paragraph is just backstory/who i am:&amp;#x200b; i'm 23, straight male, just finished college (bachelor's in general studies).
also i'm a talented musician and have had somewhat of a small business going for a couple years now, utilizing a variety of instrumental and technical audio engineering skills.
i live on my own, single, in a nice little apartment and drive a 2010 malibu.
music is a legit income, and i also drive as a doordash driver.
i'm fresh out of school and applying for entry jobs in finance and social work.
in the meantime, i  got an easy job part time at a restaurant my best friend works at.
my circle of friends is typical and i have an amazing immediate family (2 bros, 1 sis, all same parents) my credit score is considered 'good' on the scale thingy&amp;#x200b;seems like i'm doing not too shabby right?
hahahahahah no.
let me get into my stressors now.
&amp;#x200b;let's start with ones that folks know of.
i have ptsd that tends to sideline me out of nowhere.
it sucks, but i've been pushing thru since the event happened at 17. everyone who loves me knows the details and supports me well.
they also understand that the entrepreneurial lifestyle i have chosen puts a lot of stress on me.
they know how hard i work and the sacrifice it takes.
i'm the black sheep brother/friend who is always 'too busy'.
along with every human, the coco sniffles have also been a dark cloud over my life the past year or so.
&amp;#x200b;so i have mental illness and a busy schedule weighing on me.
join the club, right?
life is hard and i'd say the things above add up to pretty 'normal' stress factors as a human.
but these are the tip of the ice burg.
let's break down the real demons below (trigger warning for addicts).
&amp;#x200b;let's start with the college thing.
since ptsd had me bed-ridden right after high school graduation, my mom pretty much held my hand and pushed me into an easy college program.
i'm not bitter with her, but that in itself could be a whole post.
i just question the decision these days because my love for music is pretty much all my existance contains.
most people assume i had a full ride to the degree since both of my older siblings have grad degrees and are doctors.
everyone supported my college journey like a 'plan b' as i kept hustlin music on the side.
well, that degree put me 20k in debt and idk if i'll even use it.
time will tell, but it's just eating me alive realizing that for the next two decades i may literally spend 5 microphone booths worth of cash on a degree that just sits there.
so yea, big debt lingering from school and lots of people don't know the details.
&amp;#x200b;next up, cars.
it looks like i own it but i'm making monthly payments on my current car.
those payments are set to go to my sister, who owned it before me, for 9 months (hopefully i pay off early).
that one is nothin' compared to the first car i ever bought, which i kinda regret buying.
i owe 9k on a 2016 ford focus that is now on a lot because i totaled it in december (remember december - key detail).
i had full coverage but the deductable was huge, like 2k.
i literally don't know how tf im ever going to pay back the lender if it amounts to thousands and they won't take payments.
being self-employed all of 2020 has me up a creek regarding acquiring loans.
i've been denied so many times i'm on hold with it, knowing too many inquiries can ding credit score.
the worst thing is that it's march.
it's march and i'm still waiting on a financial result from a car accident that happened in december&amp;#x200b;speaking of credit, i've been excellent at keeping balances low on the 2 small credit cards i have .
until about a week ago.
this will make sense shortly.
&amp;#x200b;now for the real grit .
i've been battling porn addiction since around 14. so pretty much 10 years of just trying to get through each day without jerking it to fake people pretending to have sex.
i won't go into detail with the porn thing, just know that it's pretty much my darkest vice and with every fleeting moment i ask myself: will i ever break the habbit?
i mean, i'm not a "3 hours every night" addict but i can't stop.
i can't stop fleeing to it on occasion.
i feel like a monster and an out-of-control sex addict.
you may wonder, at this point, and to answer your question: no i was never sexually abused (ptsd is from something way different) and i've had a pretty normal sex life/dating history.
but man, i can't say no to the porn screen sometimes.
at my lowest point, which was last week or so, i paid a bunch of money trying to buy sex from snapchat hookers.
they all either fell through or scammed me (probably a blessing).
if this vice keeps winning, will it get worse?
where is this drug taking me?
i don't like thinking about those questions, because this unseen drug is one of the most life-threatening ones (see r/nofap).
it's my secret vice.
no one sees it, but it's a constant war.
the hookers are where those credit cards went, by the way .
&amp;#x200b;lastly, substance abuse.
i'm pretty moderate with drinking alcohol and smoking weed, but recently i've found myself wanting to drink and smoke as self-medication.
until recently, it was just a drink here or there with friends.
for the first time in my life i am seeing these activities creep in as an escape from reality.
this is a new realization, and i haven't spoken to anyone.
i could be overthinking this one, but man, i've seen too many victims go off the deep end before even realizing what the heck was going on.
to my friends, i know i probably seem perfectly normal.
but they haven't seen the couple of times i completely blacked out all alone.
while they're at work and assume i'm driving/in studio, that's not always the case.
every once in a while i just mope around smoking loads of weed and watching you-know-what.
&amp;#x200b;in conclusion, i feel like on the surface, i look like a confident young man with a lot going for him, and not a lot of red flags.
but in my soul i can feel these lethal vices coming to get me.
i haven't been this stressed since my ptsd incident at 17. i know this has been a long post, so if you're still here, i genuinely appreciate you.
any comments are appreciated as well.
&amp;#x200b;bless.
stay safe everyone&amp;#x200b;tldr: i'm a pretty normal guy (i think) but finance, porn, and alcohol and weed are starting to stress me out and i'm afraid i'm spiraling into a not-good place.
  new yorkers: are you feeling worried, sad, anxious, or depressed?
teachers college, columbia university is offering no-cost telehealth therapy as part of a research study for individuals across new york state that are struggling with emotional distress during the covid-19 pandemic.
if you are an adult between the ages of 18-65, you may be eligible to receive this innovative treatment from specially trained clinicians.
eligible participants will be compensated for brief questionnaires before and after therapy.
between therapy sessions, participants will be invited to utilize a novel internet- and mobile-based platform to supplement treatment.
for more information and to fill out a pre-screen questionnaire, please visit:
i’ve worked at my company since i was in college.
going on 5 years now.
i’ve build my way up and into some real shit this past year.
i know my ins and out which is great but too much responsibility.
great large company popularity wise, not too many employees.
i just think they are completely over working us.
higher compensation wouldn’t even help at this point.
i am working like 10 hour days and cannot get a break.
it’s now affecting my sleep since i’m so stressed.
headaches throughout the day because i’m stressed and cannot get myself to fall asleep.
ugh aside from just quitting what do you people do to ease your stress?
were you impacted by the coronavirus?
are you struggling with anxiety or depression about the coronavirus or social distancing?
help cwru researchers learn more about the impact of the coronavirus by filling out our online questionnaires!
we hope to use this research study to learn more about how individuals have been impacted by recent events related to the coronavirus.
participation involves taking daily, brief 10-15-minute surveys.
each completed survey enters you into a raffle to win one of four $25 gift cards.
you can participate by going to [
now i feel stress.
my teacher did not believe the reason i gave.
actually, my teacher made a google meet for math class.
but i can't join google meet because i'm outside.
i said i was outside to my teacher, but he said that i was always just giving him a reason.
i don't know what else to do.
i'm stressed.
i hope, i will get friends in these apps.
will you all be my friends ???
i hope we can be friends.
my mother did not allow me to make friends with people i did not know.
but, i hope you all are willing to be my friends.
i really want to be friends with you all.
😊😊
were you impacted by the coronavirus?
are you struggling with anxiety or depression about the coronavirus or social distancing?
help cwru researchers learn more about the impact of the coronavirus by filling out our online questionnaires!
we hope to use this research study to learn more about how individuals have been impacted by recent events related to the coronavirus.
participation involves taking daily, brief 10-15-minute surveys.
each completed survey enters you into a raffle to win one of four $25 gift cards.
you can participate by going to [
 i'm currently in a biostatistics class and need help from anyone and everyone willing to fill out a quick questionnaire.
all you have to do is click on the link below, fill out a quick survey about stress in a college setting, and click submit!
\-all of the surveys are completely anonymous.
 \-even if you're not in college right now, think about when you were and answer based on the last year you attended.
\-all submissions are appreciated as i need at least 100 responses in order to have enough data.
thank you!
sleeping music with water sounds, calming music, meditation music, relaxation.
deep sleep music for insomnia.
this track can be used for sleep, relaxing, meditation, yoga and more.
stress relief music, healing music, calming music helps relieve stress, fatigue and tension.
close your eyes and jump into a deep state of calm and relaxation and meet your healing sleep.
can i take melatonin and a low dose of xanax together ?
what is your definition of drunk?
how does alcohol make you feel/ behave?

idk if this is going to get any response but i’ve lost motivation to do any schoolwork, i fail a test and i just don’t care, a few weeks ago i got straight as for that six weeks and i was over the moon about it and now i’m just dying from the sudden demotivation.
i want to have the motivation to get stuff done in life but i feel totally burnt out on everything after a single class.
if anyone has experienced this and/or knows what to do please help
i have been waking up at 2:30 in the morning in the last two weeks.
if i am lucky,  i've slept 4 hours.
then i am up and down for the rest of the night.
apparently, i am having night terrors where i am fighting and yelling in the hours that i do sleep.
i  didn't know that.
that generally only happens when i am very stressed out.
does anyone have any hints on what i can do before going to sleep that will relax me enough to sleep through the night?
increasing the intensity of my exercise helped reduce my stress.
i hope this suggestion will help you too.
i have been crazy stressed since 2012. it got so bad last year that i couldn't stop over thinking and would get really upset about things.
i tried talking to someone, journaling, mild exercise, colouring books, meditation, chanting, etc... everything helped a little but for the most part the stress was still affecting my sleep, motivation and outlook on things.
recently i was out and about with friends, walking in the sun and taking in nature.
i was so exhausted by the end of it, that my stress and constant thinking stopped.
the next morning i was still quite calm.
so i decided to start walking 4km per a day to maintain that level of calm.
it's been a week and so far so good.
i fall asleep within minutes of getting into bed and i am still calm the next morning.
i had to deal with a stressful situation today but i was so calm, i was able to add humour and make everyone else feel relaxed as well.
that is just human thinking-relating things to containers.
have you ever considered that the soul, being far more powerful than the body, actually holds the body together and surrounds it?
if you have considered that the soul and mind are larger than the body and brain, have you ever considered where they end?
how many feet away from your body?
or is it how many miles away?
or how many light years away from your body does your soul end?
during meditation, i practiced moving in my body this energy (that usually comes with goosebumps from positive situations) which many know under the term:spiritual chills, euphoria, voluntary goosebumps, ecstasy, prana, chi, qi, vayus, aura, mana, life force, pitī, rapture, ruah, ether, nephesch, chills, goosebumps, the force.
i sensed the awareness of my body expand and eventually my awareness had become so big it felt like i was a giant.
at times it would feel as if i was doing front flips and other times as if my consciousness rejoined a higher version of myself which was much more bigger than my physical body.
i made this [youtube video]( if you wanna learn more about this energy, how easy it can be felt, how meditating with gratitude and manipulating this energy helped me "shift my awareness from my physical form to my higher self."
i am always thinking about growing up, growing old, and death.
there is not one second of the day that i am not thinking about death.
everybody keeps saying ''oh focus on the present.''.
i try to follow their advice, and it works for five seconds.
nobody seems to understand that, in fact, taking your mind off it never helps.
it never does.
saying don't think about death is like saying ''oh just don't breathe.''
it works for a few seconds, but then your lungs start to hurt.
you just can't keep it in.
i'm not trying to be edgy or some bs like that, i'm serious.
hi all,wondered if anyone else has this?
i head bang in my sleep without knowing about it, i'm a 31 year old male.
it's now affecting my downstairs neighbour so i really need some help, it's happened for a long time as far as i can remember - but i've lived alone and don't socialise much, before that when it happened, i can remember girlfriends waking me up to stop it.
i'm super worried about it because i don't know what's causing it, and thanks to lockdown, i can't get a gp apt right now - but apparently rmd can be from stress?
&amp;#x200b;please help
i’m a fifteen yr old male and my older brother (20yr) was recently diagnosed with autism, he is high functioning but has a lot of social issues.
i’ve had to rearrange my entire life to cater to his needs now and it’s difficult and for some reason whenever we argue like all siblings do or i argue with my mom they always make me out to be the villain in every situation.
here’s an example, we’ve recently decided to rewatch the entire mci timeline of movies because we enjoy them, almost every five minutes my brother will point out very minuscule details, at first i had no problem with it but when we got to the iron man movies it went from five minutes to every ten seconds constantly “ohhh that’s that iron man suit number, or is it the other one?ohhhh let me check” and is constantly talking all the other small details that don’t really matter at the moment cause we’re just trying to watch a movie and he’s just rambling so i pause the movie and ask him to stop he says and ok and then just keeps going.
this happens around to more times before i snap telling him to just be quiet and watch the movie and then my mother stepped in.
here’s context, earlier when we were watching a different mcu movie my mother was very confused about the plot/story so i said “hey mom can you put down your phone for this scene it explains everything” she nods and watches the rest of the movie joyfully and laughing, now let’s get back to when she stepped in between me and my brother later.
she agrees that he needs to settle down but then i’m immediately bombarded with her trying to make me the villain and then asks “what’s so important that you’re looking at you’re phone during the movie?” in a sarcastic and i replied “just looking at my phone, why are you mad at me about it, you did it earlier” and then she snapped now defending my brother, in previous arguments she tends to be very minuscule with details and i always have a retort because most of the time she’s just angry and doesn’t know what she’s talking about and then flips the fact that i rebutted into me being the bad guy in every situation, it gets worse because she’s a hypocrite about it.
when i get annoyed and snappy and go down to the same amount of detail that she uses when she argues she gets mad at me, except when she’s the one doing the nit picking and using the small details in her mind it is somehow justified and i shouldn’t be annoyed at her.
it seems like a mental trap that i’m always the villain in these situations.
any advice on how to handle this stress?
i need it.
edit: now that i have left the room because my mother didn’t feel like continuing the movie because i somehow ruined it, she said she was going to sleep.
that was a lie because she is now joyfully chatting with my brother, i almost feel like my family is happier without me.
maybe i’m the problem.