struggling to find real happiness and a deeper meaning in life.
i have a pretty good life, fiancé, decent paid job, good working hours, keep myself in shape, i have some pretty active hobbies and a close family.
all the kind of the things someone in a good position has.
yet non of this brings actual happiness or any feelings of content.
now i don’t want to sound like i lack perspective or that i’m ungrateful, because i do acknowledge being in a privileged position compared to others.
i feel the more i dig into this subject the worse it gets for me.
and the better i do in life get promoted in work, make more money, etc doing positive things that typically bring someone happiness does nothing for me deep down.
i feel like there’s an answer or deeper meaning to what’s going on in my life.
does anybody have any insight or advice/similar experiences?
happy to elaborate if needed.
minimalism and similar lifestyles have gained popularity in the past years.
i am interested in testing various popular beliefs surrounding this way of living.
how does it connect to happiness?
[more information and link for participation]( (10 minutes) in master thesis research.
it would mean a lot if you would take the time to participate and help out.

i’m (17f) writing this because i want to know: how can i make a good contribution to society?
i know that this is what will make me happy rather than just doing empty things.
and ideas appreciated!
we take time for ourself.
i am learning to.
first time ever.
to just be.
be one with the earth, rather than working against it.
we learn, we try our best again, we take a step back, we get launched forward, we keep moving.
life is about steady changes by living in the present, living now, and now and now.
every second moving but do we follow or are we going with it?
does waiting for the next experience to occur rather than being in this one right now, deter us from what we are truly meant to do?
i am learning, i am unlearning, i am sharing, i am embracing........faith.
give the time your soul needs; your spirit needs, your body needs.
 i have learned that if we don't take a break when our body is desperately wanting us to, that our body will do it for us eventually.
 give yourself a break.
its ok.
 i love you.
drey &lt;3
i dont have a lot going for me right now.
im unemployed and i've just been bummed out about it.
i stay at home a lot because of it and i've been feeling lonely too, but everytime i get on social media i just feel that connection to society that i really need at this moment.
and i know it may sound stupid but im just glad for all the strangers out there commenting on tiktok and sharing their lives on instagram.
even if i dont know them, they feel like friends because we're viewing the same things online.
am i making any sense?
what's the most admirable trait in a person in your opinion.
fearlessness would probably be at the top of my list
work’s a tough place to be mindful as it sometimes feels you’re rushing from one thing to another.
sometimes that rushing can mean that we’re either worrying about the future or regretting the past, picking over things that haven’t gone as well as we hoped.
how do we make work a happy place to be?
an obvious place to start is relationships and communication.
when things are busy and we’re feeling anxious, that's when our stress behaviours can surface.
we’re less aware of how other people are feeling and of the impact that we have on other people which can sometimes mean we that can say things we later regret.
if we train ourselves to be aware when we’re starting to get stressed out, we can breathe, notice the feeling and tend to our anxiety and anger with kindness.
we can prioritise what we’re doing - is everything that you’re doing a must do?
can other people help us?
the plum village app has a timer with a bell that chimes every so often so you can check in with your breath, your body, your thoughts and your feelings.
awareness is the cornerstone of tending to your stress with compassion.
listening is also incredibly important and powerful in the workplace.
we sometimes get caught up in the ‘doing’ completely and forget that building relationships is how big change happens.
we’re social animals and we have a bigger impact together, so to do this we need to build deep connections.
when we listen to someone with our full awareness, without judging and without jumping to conclusions it’s a genuine act of kindness, particularly if that person is having a difficult time.
deep listening is even more important when we disagree - understanding why someone feels the way they do isn’t the same as agreeing with them and its critical to resolve conflict.
frequently when we feel stressed in work it’s because we don’t feel listened to so it’s important to find people that you can express how you’re feeling to.
it’s reasonable to expect your line manager to listen with understanding and respect - it’s part of their role.
another cause of stress at work is placing pressure on ourselves to get everything right first time and this obviously isn’t realistic, especially if you’re starting a new job.
failure is part of life and key to learning - when something doesn’t go as well as we hoped, its not helpful to point fingers, especially at ourselves.
the important thing is to learn, apply, grow and move on.
i think as human beings for some reason we keep a book in our head of all the mistakes we ever made.
if you’ve learned from the mistake then it’s time to let it go - if you feel your mind bringing out the book of doom and leafing through then rather than being swept away to regrets from the past you can smile to the book and let your mind put it back on the shelf.
and finally what might be the most important, which is looking after each other.
when we lift our head up from everyday tasks we can sometimes see that other people are suffering and it’s important not to be a bystander.
checking in on people by asking if they’re ok makes a huge difference - if you think that the wellbeing culture in your workplace isn’t where it needs to be, just be aware that you have much more influence than you think.
just by asking the question of what we want our workplace to be can open a conversation that makes a huge difference to making work a happy, safe and fulfilling place - which is what it should be.
[listen on apple podcasts]([listen on google podcasts]([listen on spotify]([other ways to listen](
we rush through life.
we always have this pressure, to do better, to be stronger, to work harder, but we forget to give time and space for ourselves.
the roads can get bumpy and thats ok.
we can slip, fall down, get back up, walk a little, slip again and still want to get up; to keep going.
i have realized lately how important it is to put time and love into ourselves fully, not half fasting it, not only sometimes, but to put ourselves first.
the winds are calm, the winds are strong, what is felt will come and go, what we learn stays.
we are present, we are strong, we are weak, we are looking forward to the future.
 everything is done with what we have.
little energy, lots, or none.
push through or give ourselves the time and space needed to breathe, to be.
everything is ok.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
take a step back.
for yourself.
take a breath.
it will all be ok.
we rush and rush and rush and rush, but forget that the most important thing, is now.
all we have.
the now.
 we push through.
life is beautiful.
life can be hectic sometimes but wow, i am grateful.
grateful for the journey, grateful for the highs, the lows, the anxiety, the depression, the joys and everything in between.
love is inside.
we are love.
you're love.
everything we seek is seeking us, but everything we seek is already inside of us.
 internal work.
 through it, day by day, giving ourself what we need, it will all click one day and we will say, wow.
 keep going.
please.
 i know some moments may be rough, i know some moments may be bumpy.
keep going.
the world needs you.
i am proud of you.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
go through this link: nearly every time you see him, he's laughing, or at least smiling.
and he makes everyone else around him feel like smiling.
he's the dalai lama, the spiritual and temporal leader of tibet, a nobel prize winner, and a hugely sought-after speaker and statesman.
why is he so popular?
even after spending only a few minutes in his presence you can't help feeling happier.
if you ask him if he's happy, even though he's suffered the loss of his country, the dalai lama will give you an unconditional yes.
what's more, he'll tell you that happiness is the purpose of life, and that the very motion of our life is toward happiness.
how to get there has always been the question.
he's tried to answer it before, but he's never had the help of a psychiatrist to get the message across in a context we can easily understand.
the art of happiness is the book that started the genre of happiness books, and it remains the cornerstone of the field of positive psychology.
through conversations, stories, and meditations, the dalai lama shows us how to defeat day-to-day anxiety, insecurity, anger, and discouragement.
together with dr.
howard cutler, he explores many facets of everyday life, including relationships, loss, and the pursuit of wealth, to illustrate how to ride through life's obstacles on a deep and abiding source of inner peace.
based on 2,500 years of buddhist meditations mixed with a healthy dose of common sense, the art of happiness is a book that crosses the boundaries of traditions to help readers with difficulties common to all human beings.
after being in print for ten years, this book has touched countless lives and uplifted spirits around the world.
the life we want to live, comes from intention but more importantly faith.
faith that whatever we are focusing on, that what we are putting our everything into it, will happen with time.
do your best, express.
isn't that why we really started creating?
isn't that why we decided to focus on our passions and what is from our heart?
its interesting to me when true intentions are shown, set your intentions before you cross through, they will be shown.
keep doing your best, keep doing what you know is needed from you.
imposter syndrome will happen during it all, push through.
what is possible and what will happen is much more than what we expect or what we even know of.
 why worry?
today: have you listened to our podcast?
30 tips and trick episodes, lots of poetry and interviews with artists and brand.
 i love you.
drey &lt;3
hello!
i am a first-year student at a university and i am looking for individuals to take a quick survey about happiness and some of the elements that affect it.
the only requirement is to be 18+.
the survey is anonymous and data will not be kept longer than 2 months.
the data will be used to achieve a better understanding behind the science of happiness.
link to the survey: [
it all starts with love.
it starts with following what makes you happy.
we can listen to what we are told to do but theres a high possibility that it will lead to regret in the future.
follow your heart.
follow what you know is right for you.
with the ups and downs, the constant changes of life, the unexpected events, the universe etc., why waste this life on doing something just to please someone else?
unlearning and relearning.
we will see what happen, but we don't even need to think, what, when, how, when, why, where we will be, we just have to keep doing our best to be.
be right here, right now.
take a step back.
realign.
come back even stronger.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
the four noble truths of the buddha are simple to express: suffering is part of life, but happiness is possible and we make choices in every moment that lead us to happiness / suffering.
the reason its revolutionary is that it paints a picture where our happiness isn’t an external factor that's outside of our control, it’s something that’s within our reach with some practice, some patience and some persistence.
which is not to say that you should beat yourself up for not being happy - its as important to practice non-judgement for yourself as for others, because every person you see if doing the best they can given their circumstances, including you.
so how do we train ourselves to be happy?
the first step is to focus on the positive.
this might not be where our minds go automatically - humans have a natural negativity bias, a leftover from our our evolution where we’re more focused on where there might be wolves than where there’s flowers.
this is completely understandable as it kept us alive for thousands of years but its something we need to be aware of when living our modern lives.
social media is very focused on the negative because that’s what grabs our attention.
research shows that consuming any kind of media that is mostly negative affects our mental health.
so we need to be careful what we consume.
we can also make a choice in every moment to focus on the good things we have and be grateful for them rather than seeing what we don’t have or what’s wrong.
this takes time and patience as we might be very used to focusing on the negative.
i live in britain and we love to have a moan, especially about the weather but it’s within our gift to appreciate the great things that are all around and regularly meditate on them or capture them in a gratitude journal.
on the flip side can notice our judgmental thoughts arise, listen to them without getting involved or judging and watch them pass without acting on them.
this is how we train ourselves to focus on the positive.
the second step is smiling to your difficulties.
this sounds absolutely crazy - why would you want to smile when things are difficult?
there's two reasons - the first is neurological.
when you smile, even if you don’;t feel like smiling, your brain releases chemicals which reduce stress and lift your mood - so its a very easy way to change how you’re feeling.
that's why we gently smile while we meditate.
the other way smiling helps is that it reduces the power those difficulties have over you in your mind.
when we see anger, anxiety and sadness as our enemies that rob us of our peace then (naturally) we’re afraid of them - we try and block out the thoughts and we run to consumption to help us out, which of course never works in the long term.
when we smile to our difficulties, our difficult emotions and say, “there you are, my old friend”, we accept what we’re feeling without judgement, we reduce our suffering.
[listen on apple podcasts]([listen on google podcasts]([listen on spotify]([other ways to listen](
embrace.
change it up.
see where it takes you.
if what you are doing isn't working the way you want, then change it up and try something new.
we are all on the highway, 1 lane.
we aren't behind, we aren't ahead, we are all on our own time.
divine.
our world can make us think differently, can push us and push us and push us to feel like we have to always be making, creating, engaging, staying in touch........fomo, causing anxiety, fear, depression, whats the point?
anyone who puts the time in, the dedication, heart, blood, sweat, tears, soul and their spirit; "makes it", whatever that means to you.
keep going.
switch it up.
everything has already happened.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
we do our best.
we step back.
we breathe.
we mend to whats needed from ourself.
we then go full force.
we take a step back.
self awareness.
 its important to follow how you feel, not what someone is trying to tell you, not what someone else is projecting, but how you feel.
i now am beginning to learn how to follow how i feel; on days i feel tired after rising, i will now give myself more time and space to be.
its important for the balance of life, to do things for yourself daily.
to fill up your cup and be proud of that.
no explaining, no convincing, just doing.
people pleasing.
we all live with it, for someone.
 i am unlearning, i am relearning, i am embracing.
faith.
everything is happening for the reason its suppose to.
 divine.
keep going.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
[&amp;#x200b;
 a tried and tested strategy to help you cope with difficult situations.
a videos that covers real life story shared by an upcoming leader.
[\#watch]( &amp; enjoy.
[[\#fridaythoughts]( [\#fridaymorning]( [\#fridaymotivation](
for me it’s dessert/coffee pairings, classic movies, fruit and pastries at brunch, and sunflowers.
we can "know" it all or know nothing, what would you rather?
i would rather know nothing.
 what is knowing?
what are we trying to achieve when knowing something?
is it ego?
insecurity?
why does it matter?
conditioning.
i'd rather have the mindset to know nothing then to have the ego to assume that i know everything.
its very interesting how the way we think is how we receive from the universe, but it makes sense.
i am starting to be one with the present again.
in the past few months its been filled waves, up and down and everything in between.
we all feel stuck at times, we all think if what we are focusing on is right, we all are aligned.
 through everything the universe allows us to prepare with, we stand tall, even if sometimes we fall.
i love you.
 drey &lt;3
day after day after day after day after day........we keep going, we keep moving, it doesn't stop.
sometimes i feel like its tough to maintain presence while looking at whats next to be accomplished.
we need time to breathe.
in the moments of everything that we have felt up to this moment, we sometimes forget everything we have been through, even though we have lived it, due to the craze and the overwhelming emotion that is being felt, experienced or embraced........we move forward.
our time as a human has been short, we live through every moment, every second, minute, hour, day, week, month, year, but we still always try to rush?
rush the process, rush the journey, rush the path, when we can only move as fast as every given second, why rush?
through this past year we have all been shown that all we have is this moment, this moment to be, to breathe, to live, we push on.
 everything gets better and remember that through anything &amp; everything, the light always wins.
we have already won.
the rest just has to catch up.
 keep going.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
recently, i have been allowing myself to just be.
giving myself the time and space that i need, that we all need, but we always look past.
space away, space now, keep going.
follow your heart, follow what you know is right with how you have always felt, inside.
give, receive, keep pushing.
everyones voice deserves to be heard.
we all have something inside of us that is unique, important &amp; special to bring to this world.
lets focus on that and go all in, together, separately.
some days are tough, some days are easier, will that stop us?
 of course not.
if you have been struggling to find your purpose, just know that it comes by starting to do things that interest you.
i had no idea i'd be here right now, writing.
i had no idea i'd be here with a podcast, or being open about my trans self.
 it all started with following my heart and my passion to create.
follow yours, please.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
moving forward.
moving fast.
how does this happen?
by being still, release, keep going.
todays world has conditioned us to feel envious, jealous of other peoples success, exposure and what they have received, after putting 1000's of hours into it.
why is that?
insecurity, lack of gratitude, lack of patience, lack of self awareness &amp; lack of faith.
when we create, when we follow, when we believe deep down &amp; i mean deep down, that our path is solely for us and no one else's, thats when life really gets happy, when life really gets bright.
here is the thing; if you know that everyones time comes that puts in an overwhelming amount of work, then whats the worry?
would we judge?
of course not.
would we compare ourselves?
of course not.
keep clapping.
keep working hard.
your time is coming, as is mine, as is every single person that puts in relentless work.
 release expectation and just be.
today: listen to this weeks podcast, number 29 on "accountability".
on all streaming platforms.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
&amp;#x200b;sergio mendes, at 79, released a new album, “in the key of joy,” and will no doubt resume touring (as he has done for decades) once the pandemic allows.
sergio’s masterful renditions, from the upbeat to the soulful, of his beloved brazilian rhythms, as well as those of jazz, are no surprise to those of us who grew up with “brazil 66.” but did you know that sergio originally trained to be a classical pianist?
it is only as sergio discovered jazz, just as bossa nova was becoming popular, that he turned his creativity to brazilian jazz, of which he is considered the undisputed master.
new beginnings.
they can be scary, they can be filled with joy, anxiety, fear etc., they are meant for a reason.
 we all need new beginnings.
to push what we know, to push the path and journey that we have been on.
 to learn new.
to experience new.
either way it will happen easily, or it will happen with resistance.
the choice is all in our hands, at the same time of letting go and letting the universe.
blue skies, goosebumps, changes being made after a long time of hard work.
when it happens, give your hand out for others, don't hold it all for yourself.
our world is abundant, our life is abundant, we are abundant.
every single being.
 we have to do the internal work to unlock that abundance, we all need to do internal work and be comfortable with the uncomfortable.
 the only thing that will constantly stay the same in our life is change, let go.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
try something new.
release the fear of being scared.
everything that is new will cause anxiety, i had that feeling this morning.
i took a step back and i asked myself, is it anxiety because its wrong for me?
or is it anxiety because its a new situation?
having this self talk with myself then allowed the space to realize the empowerment that was trying to come to me.
we are not our thoughts, but we can change them.
confusing?
i know.
its a battle, but lately, i have realized that it doesn't have to be.
 the love we seek is within.
 why do we seek it from the external?
conditioning.
we keep going.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
i’ve been trying to introduce as many people as possible to stoic philosophy and show them all of the things that i’ve learned from it.
one my absolute favorite pieces of this philosophy is the pursuit of supreme happiness, otherwise known as eudaimonia.
eudaimonia translates to being on good terms with the highest version of yourself, which i’m positive is something i think we should all aspire to.
this concept is often represented as a triangle with 3 core aspect to it1. live with areté - this is about being the best version of yourself and making choices accordingly2. focus on what you can control - one of the fundamental tenets of stoic philosophy.
remember that we can’t change what already is, but we can choose what to do with the given circumstances.
3. take responsibility - in stoicism, it’s explained that it’s not an external situation that makes us happy or miserable, but our interpretation of that situation.
all 3 corners work hand in hand with each other to move you closer to a more fulfilling life of joy and satisfaction.
i explain this in depth here and describe how it has changed my life too - [no matter what happens to us, we should focus on what we control, take responsibility for our judgment of the situation, and then live with areté by choosing to express our best self.
take a step back.
give yourself rest.
it all starts with 1 move.
1 move that is different than what we are used to.
1 move that then impacts, influences everything that we have ever even thought we had known.
push forward.
 when we take a step back, we get launched forward, but sometimes we forget on how important it is to take a step back.
dedication.
 i truly believe that we are all passionate with something, that we have many passions to focus on, but we are scared to start, why is that?
imposter syndrome.
 this is something that i have been focusing on for the past months, but now i unlearn daily, to relearn whats right for me; not to say that i don't still experience that daily, but it just means that i am now aware, slowly.
 self awareness is the beginning to the end.
the end of what we have known and the beginning of what we need.
i love you.
 drey &lt;3
it seems to me a video that shows how we are manipulated by capitalism and how it leads us to consumerism through manipulation where it is seen how each person is infused that to be happy they must consume and be slaves to money and they do not realize that only they work for other superiors who are the ones who actually obtain economic benefits through us and at the same time power and well, in reality happiness is in people and what we share and provide us with human capital is happiness
though i know definitions are limiting and happiness is more like a delusion but still i want to know how would you want to define it in its literal meaning.
changes, changed.
we have entered into a shift that we have never even known we needed.
its about pushing our boundaries, its about learning what we have experienced to this point but then realizing that its ok to evolve, its ok to reinvent ourselves.
fear, imposter syndrome, anxiety........it will change everything.
its ok.
everything will be something for even greater than we even know.
push yourself.
the thoughts of being scared.
take a step back.
 the fear is really nothing.
the fear is only our mind trying to keep our mind in one place.
in either, the present, comfort zones or in the past, lived experiences.
 when we release the thought of how things are going to happen, we become connected to the universe that only wants to us really win.
through the staircases, the waves, the ups and downs, we get to a point where we can live in peace, abundance, inspiration; for ourselves as well as for the ones around us.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
2:22. right place, right time.
why rush?
why want to be somewhere else?
why compare ourselves to someone else, when we haven't lived their life, and they haven't lived ours.
lack of patience.
we learn.
everyday.
with a new change of focus, it can always come with a lot of different personal experiences that we have never seen or felt before, thats ok.
it will push boundaries, comfort zones and everything we have ever known.
is it wrong?
no.
when we are learning something new, when we are following our heart, there will be doubt, imposter syndrome, anxiety or even the idea that "we aren't good enough", push through that bullshit.
 it is trying to push you back, it is literally nothing.
creating has been such a beautiful aspect of my life that has turned into therapy, but sometimes i have to realize and check myself to take a step back and just have fun.
 learning.
embracing.
we move on.
today: listen to this week's podcast, uncomfortable into comfortable, episode 28, on all streaming platforms.
 i love you.
drey &lt;3
today is a new start.
love doesn't have to be something that we have to chase.
we are love.
each and everyone one of us.
right place, right time.
we are exactly where we are meant to be.
with the new day, today is our only day.
its important though, to balance it at the same time by creating a longevity mindset.
the highs and lows are all meant for our process.
release.
let go.
embrace.
faith.
the universe is inside, the universe is love &amp; so are we.
sometimes i feel exhausted.
exhausted to the point that i want to give up.
that is when i need to learn to give myself rest.
 give yourself rest as well.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
about five years ago i started regularly writing things i was grateful for in a journal.
i would write simple things that i was grateful for like waking up to the sun, all the way to specific/detailed things like the person's smile i encountered on a walk during the day which also made me smile.
i do this daily, and it's an instant way to set up my day to be in a good place.
before bed also is great as it sets up my subconscious to recognize the amazing things in life.
and from this experience, i created a fun little weekend project to help enhance my gratitude practice and i would love some beta users to try it out if anyone is interested!
it's a gratitude journal based in imessage, so it's not another app you need to download... you can try it free at [ would love to know your thoughts :)
its all out of our hands.
we have control over 3 things and 3 things only.
 our thoughts, our actions and our intentions, the rest is none of our business.
with the highs and lows of each day, with the constant sense of, what is this for?
it doesn't matter.
the universe wants you to win, to be at peace, to live in abundance; we have to put an enormous amount of work in though.
it won't come easy, but it will be worth it.
today is the beginning of your start, today is the beginning of your life.
as is each day because everyday we rise, is a blessing.
 don't take it for granted, put your all into it; then do it again tomorrow, then the day after and so on, with passion and love.
i love you.
 drey &lt;3
as adult humans we’re expected to have aims to achieve and a plan to get there - this is perfectly normal and there’s nothing necessarily wrong with planning for the future.
but problems can arise when we get swept away by those plans and they result in us being stressed and unhappy in the present.
this can happen for three reasons.
the first is expecting ourselves to be perfect.
many people, including me, have perfectionist traits, making us feel as if you need to achieve or maximise your potential.
perfectionism and that attachment to never failing can be very harmful to your wellbeing and self-worth - if you train your awareness with regular practice then you can notice that feeling arising, breathe, take a step back, look deeply into it and tend to your perfectionism with compassion and understanding.
a second reason we get caught up in planning is that we attach our happiness to external factors like success, relationships and consumption.
we make a decision that we’ll be happy when we buy a house, get married, have kids, go on holiday, get a new job - you can think of a hundred things.
we can’t live happily in the future and human beings being what we are, when we get there and actually achieve the thing we’ve been thinking about for so long, the joy tends to be fleeting and can’t live up to how we’ve built it up in our heads.
of course we can enjoy these things in the present but attaching our wellbeing to them in the future sets us up for suffering.
the final reason we overplan is we’re are not noticing the joy and happiness in the world around us.
it’s a bit like watching a movie, knowing that the climax will be in the third act later on and not paying attention to the first hour and a half.
that sounds silly, but we frequently get caught up in the future and ignore what’s happening right now.
gratitude is a key practice in mindfulness and without training our awareness of the present moment we can miss the joy from the people in our life, the roof over your head, your pet dog, your lunch, the chair you’re sitting on.
if you find that your plans for the future take you away from the present and you’re always living in some other time and place, then consider letting go of the vision of the future that you’ve painted for yourself and think about it more as a direction you’re moving in rather than a destination.
that direction should be helpful to your mental health, it should help to build your peace and happiness rather than being built on consumption, achievement or rushing around.
please don’t take any of this as a judgement!
like you i get caught up in plans for the future and rushing around, we all do.
but sometimes we need to stop and taking a break from our striving so we can make aware, informed choices about whether our planning is really good for us or whether we need to breathe, relax and allow things to unfold in their own time.
[listen for more](link.chtbl.com/8mixypfv)
found this blog post about high-performance teams and happiness.
[very interesting intel
heart pounding.
scared.
anxious?
protecting ourself.
the ups, the downs.
they matter.
it starts slow, it starts with constant work and then everything happens.
 with hard work, with dedication, the light is already ours, why?
faith.
 keep going.
keep pushing.
blue sky out, blue sky inside, refreshing.
today, try something new.
try something that you have been wanting to.
with each day it gives us a new opportunity; whats the point of focusing on what we don't have?
its apart of being a human.
we learn through the process, we learn through the waves, we learn through the highs, the lows and everything in between.
keep pushing and whats meant is already ours, on the way.
i am proud of you.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
self realisation - life’s greatest gift - philip wade interview[today i interview philip wade from gateway location.
philip attained a state of self-realisation many years ago and today he shares his experience with us and explains how self-realisation is open to each and every one of us as this is already our true self / our true nature….
“infinite silence is absolute, before time, before space, before concept, before the universal beingness of i am.
it is made manifest in infinite variety.
your form is like a facet of a diamond.
you are the facet and the whole diamond at once!
infinite silence is that which you truly are!
your divine essence.
it is absolute and the animating principle of all that is.
is = infinite silence”.
\#philipwade #gatewaylocation #happinessnow #interview #infinitesilence #meditation
we have our own thoughts, opinions, whats "right", whats "wrong"?
its actually what is right/wrong for us.
it will always be different to what someone else thinks.
as long as we as beings aren't transphobic, homophobic, racist; then we can all have different opinions of different experiences.
reflect, refresh, transform.
 each day we experience new moments; moments we never even knew were needed, that we encounter.
 release expectations.
 i have been trying my best in the past months to release expectations because we truly don't know how anything is going to happen, all we have is this present moment.
we live on.
some days are easier than others, some days are tougher, its all for our greatness.
keep pushing.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
it starts from inside.
that is where the good, bad or the ugly will come.
it isn't what is perceived, it isn't what is seen but only, what is felt.
 the ups and downs, they can all be ups, perspective.
 through the tough times lately i have been embracing how i am feeling, exhaustion, not good enough, the waves, treacherous waters or still rivers, it all matters.
something that i am proud of is the connections that i have made with my inner being but then being able to express it to others.
the beautiful conversations, interactions, experiences, even if sometimes they don't go the way i expect, they still go.
 expectations.
 the root of most of our anxieties, pains of a human being.
subconscious conditioning of what we have felt, lived through prior and now what we are bringing to the present moment.
release, let go.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
new day.
new start.
blessings, every morning restart.
we have been given the opportunity to start a new day, sunshine, live the life you are meant to by following your heart.
sunny day, sunny ride, today is yours.
the past few weeks have been a lot.
with many highs/many lows and everything in between.
we keep pushing.
we keep going.
lazy rides turned into learned experiences.
 when we take a step back and enjoy the nature of life, thats when what we need comes to us.
through the ups and downs, through the darkness and light, traumas and healing, you're loved, you're cared for, you matter, you are needed on this planet.
keep going.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
a few weeks back i posted my [happiness spreadsheet]( for anyone interested in tracking their daily happiness.
in doing my monthly happiness review this month, i wanted to visualize my happiness even more than the spreadsheet has to offer.
i was able to find a nice google chart data visualization that can take all of my calendar and happiness data and turn it into something useful.
here is the result:i am a visual person, so i pumped to be able to really look at my happiness in this way.
i never had a lot of red/bad days to begin with, but i am glad to see that most of my bad days are becoming fewer and farther spaced apart.
plus, there are becoming less white days as well.
if every day can turn into a green…well now i am really onto something!
for me, tracking happiness by giving it a value has helped me to emphasize my happiness day after day: i make better choices.
 i start each day fresh.
 i chose to do more things that make me happy.
 i chose to be more present in the moment (because that makes me happier).
 i chose to do things to make others happy, because i now realize that it makes me happier as well.
hopefully i have convinced one or two of you to track your happiness and if you are interested in learning more, please check out my full update and real-time visualization here: [
just read this article and it made me reflect:  i liked it but not only because of the program itself but because it made me reflect on my happiness.
it is true that we focus on many things that indirectly make us happy, but many times we wonder why we are not entirely happy, if we need something to happen in our life, a new love, a new job, etc.
but we never look for the answer in ourselves.
i hope you enjoy this article and that we normalize practicing joy for ourselves :)
open space to do anything.
it takes time and needs to have hard work with it.
anything is possible, for any place in the world, if someone tells you it isn't then, thats their own insecurities.
 it is easier to project than to do the inside work, remember that.
do the internal work.
there will be lots of ups and downs, there will be lots of moments where you may ask yourself "why me?
", because trust me, i do.
i know though, that everything i have experienced so far; pain, trauma, depression, anxiety, fear, happiness, joy, healing, is for something greater, as for you.
keep going &amp; continue to follow your heart.
 the world needs it from you, as it does from me.
the toughest obstacles will allow ourselves to build the resilience we need to open doors, we didn't know we needed.
ride the wave.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
still waters after a long and rocky ocean with treacherous waves.
we all get to the point where everything is ok, but wasn't everything always?
everything has always been the same way its been but has naturally evolved through our day to day.
our day to day focus, our day to day grind, we continue.
with the ups and downs of life that we have all faced in the past year, its truly amazing how much we can do, when we are in our own spaces and truly shows us that we can do more than what we believe, if we have a little faith.
today has been tiring &amp; writing this right now i am exhausted but i am grateful.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
non-judgment - paying attention to your opinions as they arise.
jkz talks about how the human mind sorts things into boxes - good, bad, neutral.
by taking a perspective of non-judgement and being aware we can take the most joy from the good things, accept the bad things (doing us less harm), and become more aware of the neutral things, realising how much they contribute to our lives.
of course judgmental thoughts still arise but we can simply observe them and let them pass without acting on them.
patience - letting things unfold in their own time.
meditation isn’t difficult to learn but it does require patience and persistence.
it takes some time to see the benefits of it, you need to stick with it.
doing it once a week is helpful but when you make time for a little bit of practice every day for six weeks the evidence shows its actually rewiring how your brain works, you’re training yourself to be happy.
its also about being patience with ourselves, not setting expectations for achieving a standard in a specific time, and being patient with others who have lived their life through a set of circumstances we’re not aware of.
beginners mind - seeing the world as if for the first time and seeing the infinite possibilities.
knowledge can limit our perception of what we don’t know, part of becoming wise (rather than clever) is getting comfortable with what we don’t know.
when we accumulate a lot of knowledge and become jaded by experience we can lose touch with the joy in our lives.
trust - listening to our bodies and our senses.
trusting that if we let go of anxieties about the future and regrets from the past and live in the present that everything will be ok - because it really will.
when we cultivate trust in ourselves through practice, when we build our calmness and peace and live in the present moment  we start to trust other people more because we’re not jumping ahead to what they might do or questioning their motives - we’re existing in the present taking their words and actions at face value.
really listening to other people with an open mind is when we make strong human connections.
non-striving - we’re always trying to get somewhere, always running toward a destination.
but an important aspect of mindfulness is realising that you have arrived in the here and now.
we can’t live happily in the future; if everything we’re doing is to achieve, we sacrifice our wellbeing in the present.
we tell ourselves we’ll be happy when we get promoted, we get married, we have kids, when we retire.
this is the only time we can be happy - mindfulness is called the art of stopping, sometimes we have to ease off with the future plans and enjoy where we are and who we’re with.
acceptance - accepting that things are the way they are.
which is not to say you don’t do anything about it, the idea is that you are aware in the present moment, you see things as they are and you can decide what it is you want to do.
there’s a myth that mindfulness somehow makes you ok with injustice and suffering - the opposite is true!
when we accept the world in front of us, accept people, accept yourself, you can act out of emotional intelligence and compassion rather than anger or fear.
letting go - by identifying the attachments we have we can trace the roots of our anger, our fear, our sadness and understand why we react the way we do in certain circumstances.
once we apply our awareness to our attachments we can start to understand ourselves, we can start to feel compassion for ourselves, then we can start to let go of our suffering.
[listen for more](
my friends, life is not about whats at the end of the road or the final goal.
true happiness is found in the simplicity of living.
a walk around the block, the sun shining with a cool breeze hitting your face.
a nice fresh cup of coffee in the morning ( or any time of day lol).
don't get me wrong getting that new car or finally going on that nice vacation is fantastic as well, but ignoring the small little things we are so fortunate to enjoy everyday you essentially waste a fantastic life.
with it being easter weekend for some i just want you all to enjoy life and be the happiest &amp; best individual one can be.
enjoy the little things ✊
blue sky.
sunshine.
the wind, the birds, the sounds, the smells and the feelings of spring that are close.
the moments of stepping away from what is known, may sometimes push our comfort zones &amp; make us feel uncomfortable.
push through.
the change comes from inside, the change takes time from learned experiences, from pain, trauma, joy, sunshine, and time.
on the journey of life, change will constantly happen to us.
change is the sole thing that we will continue to have to face, welcome in and be comfortable with the uncomfortable feelings.
keep pushing.
keep doing your best.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
new start, new beginning.
internal pains, now turn into internal strengths.
in the moments of trials and tribulations its about knowing that this is all for something greater than what we know.
grey sky, warm air, cold air, blue sky.
we push on.
everything is competition, we have been conditioned to think this way, this is only conditioning.
the world shouldn't be like this.
thats why i am so excited for this new nft space.
collaboration versus competition.
 we now come together.
through what we have known in the art world, its always been battling, which then detriments our own mental health, creates anxiety, scarcity, pressures to constantly perform, create and innovate.
when we create with sole love and patience, those emotions get released and we then create with purpose.
 i love you.
drey &lt;3
we say one thing and then don't believe in it.
less talking, more doing.
 here we are.
in the 21st century, living our life as we please, as we choose to.
remember that we have all the capabilities to live the life we want to, by doing what we want to, the only thing is, is that we have to have a deep level of patience, persistence, dedication, consistency and work ethic.
 remember though, we will have to work hard either way to make it through this life, it will be for someone else or it will be for ourself, with us working for someone else for a brief time, which do you choose?
i chose working for someone for a brief moment, while working fucking hard with what i love to do.
here, i am.
its possible.
everyone can do it.
 i believe that every single human being is multifaceted, that every human being can do multiple things, i don't believe that certain people are "chosen", i believe that once we start following our heart, thats when the universe will "choose" us to move forward.
we are all already chosen.
 follow your heart.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
here is my experience with d.o.s.e method for practicing joy by daybreaker :).
i hope you like it: [
the power of the wind.
the power of nature.
the power of following our heart.
through the stillness of being, through the stillness of enjoying the moment, we are then allowed to receive what has been waiting to come to us.
seasons change, from snow to rain to sunshine, we bloom.
blooming will constantly be different then what we expect.
it will be met with having to face experiences that push our comfort zones, push our boundaries, we will meet fear, anxiety and many other emotions.
its all for our higher being.
these past months have been challenging but i know that with challenging moments, there is growth near, there is peace near, there is abundance near.
how, when?
thats out of my control, i will continue to just be and i hope you do so as well.
 today: listen to this weeks podcast "morning gratitude" episode 26 and let me know your takeaways.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
change is inevitable.
change will happen either way, if we want it or not.
we as the human must be open to the change.
the change is where we will find our true self, lose a part of our self that is no longer needed, what is needed though is the will to keep going.
over the past year of my life, and all of our lives, change was forced onto us, we didn't choose to be where we are now, nor did we even know that it was going to happen, we changed.
change happens if we want it or not.
i am proud of us.
some days may be difficult, but what am i learning is that the struggle comes from the eye of the beholder not from the actual situation itself.
watching rather than judging.
taking a step back when needed, instead of rushing in.
rushing in when we feel like we need to.
life changes &amp; when it does, that is the universe showing us that we are ready for that change, the sole thing we have to do, is embrace it.
do so, life will get good after.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
&amp;#x200b;fred paul, at 84, and florence harvey, at 81, once again found the love they thought they had lost forever.
fred and florence had been high school sweethearts lo these many years ago in the small town of wandsworth, canada.
after high school, fred left for a job in toronto.
when he came back a year later, florence no longer lived in wandsworth and fred couldn’t find her.
each of them went on to have good marriages with others.
yet after florence’s husband passed away and she discovered fred’s wife passed away, florence found a way to connect with fred, mainly to reassure him that things would get better over time.
well, one phone call turned into hours of phone calls, into finally meeting up together, and within 3 days (wait for it) – getting married!
such is the power of love.
rain outside.
pouring.
grey sky.
i feel at peace.
i feel calm.
lack of sleep but thats ok, i can catch up tonight.
i can't catch up on opportunities.
we live a life that we experience many different emotions, light, pain, love, struggle, its all our choice on our perspective.
we are love.
with the change of seasons, the warm weather is on the way, i love the cold weather &amp; the snow, but lets be real, i love spring, summer and everything that blooms in the warmer months.
 we have to go through the rain, through the planting of our foundation to get a point where we bloom.
have patience, it will work out.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
lasting peace and happiness - jolene o’brien interview[today i interview jolene o’brien from (peace &amp; love uk).
jolene had a realization of the self some years ago, today she explains her journey of awakening from deep suffering into a lasting peace.
jolene explains how we too can attain this realization and finally bring an end to all mental pain and suffering - to finally attain everlasting peace &amp; happiness…\#joleneobrien #peaceandlove #happinessnow #interview #selfrealization
for the last couple years, i have been on a journey to test and tweak various methods to track and improve my own happiness.
at first this started off with asking "what is the favorite part of your day?"
at the dinner table.
expressing more gratitude certainly helped.
then this lead to actually tracking my top 3 moments of the day and writing them down in the notes app on my phone.
finally, i was listening to the tim ferriss show's interview of jim collins.
and turns out that jim has the perfect method for tracking happiness.
he gives each day a score and tracks that score over time.
his scale is as follows.
 2 is a great day 1 is a good day 0 is a so-so day \-1 is a bad day \-2 is a really bad dayafter using this system for the past few years, i can say that it works.
it helps me to better gage my happiness levels, and focus on doing the things that make me the happiest in my daily life.
is every day great?
no.
but i am starting to improve my days simply by giving each day a score.
my full and expanded article on "how to track your happiness"  is here: [  if you are interested in tracking your happiness, please check out this post, which explains how the tracker works and has a link to download: [happy happiness tracking everyone!

it seems everywhere these days there are lists and books of "10 things you can do every day to be happy".
socialising, walking in nature, doing fitness, etc etc etc.. but to me these things seem surface candy-floss 'sugar highs' only.
they don't really do it for me.
they don't leave a lasting effect.
they don't move me into a state of 'wanting to be alive'.
i wondered if anyone else felt the same way?
hi reddit,just been feeling down lately.
never ending work routine, no private space to cool down, and constant hussle to save and survive.
it just seems like it will never end.
how do people re-charge and power through their days?
seeking some unique motivation / happiness that will super charge me.
just feels like there's more than this in my life...welcome any feedback / suggestions / thoughts :)thank you
 this years report has just been issued.
it always makes an interesting read and this year, with the impact of corona, is even more thought provoking i thought.
it starts with ourself.
it starts with giving what we need for ourself.
i always thought it was the other way around.
i used to think that if i am there for others before myself then i will receive energy, healing and abundance.
i have learned.
i learned that i was solely checking in on others due to subconsciously projecting my insecurities onto others.
i now put myself first in the early morning.
i have learned that when i fill my cup first, that i am able to give more to others &amp; imposter syndrome still tries to overwhelm, swarm and make me believe that its different.
keep pushing.
 everyday is a new day to our best &amp; thats all we can do.
 in a world where there is so much opportunity, in a world where we can continue to innovate, to try new things, we have to remember that everything takes time.
that everything is a process, that we can only do as much as we can.
 if there are new things that you want to focus on but can't find the time, then take a step back and ask yourself, "am i doing the most that i can right now?"
yes.
 keep going, keep pushing.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
have you had an anxious over-reaction when something goes wrong -  you might think that if a relationship ends you’ll never find someone else, if you fail an exam you can never have a successful career.
you’re imagining all the terrible things that are going to happen, it feels like the world is ending and the house of cards is falling apart.
so what’s happening in our heads?
the first thing that’s going awry is that we’re living in the hereafter.
as humans we can’t live with happiness and calmness in the future - we can only live a joyful life in the present.
when we notice our minds are moving into the future we can stop, we can breath and we can focus on something in the present - maybe our breath, our surroundings or an activity.
as well as living in the future, we’re predicting the worst possible outcomes - out of all the things that could possibly happen, our minds naturally go to the catastrophe.
that's not something to worry about in itself - everyone has catastrophic thoughts and it kept us alive when human beings had to contend with predators and danger.
you probably don’t see a lot of wolves and tigers so we can give ourselves permission to take a step back and think it through.
when catastrophic thinking arises we need to be aware enough to notice the thought and ask ourselves whether it’s really true or realistic.
if it isn’t we can allow the thought to pass out of awareness, without being swept away and without any harm or damage to us.
a third driver of catastrophic thinking is the belief that you can’t cope with whatever outcome you’re afraid of, that you’ll somehow fall apart.
monsters live in the dark, so shine the light of awareness on it - you’ve coped with difficult experiences in the past and you have a much greater reserve of strength and resilience than you’re aware of.
everyone experiences catastrophic thoughts, its natural and part of who we are - but our reaction to them decides whether they cause us suffering or they pass without harming us.
life is full of challenges as well as good and bad days; just because one day is bad does not mean all days will be bad.
one final thing to bear in mind is that is that we catastrophize more when we’re anxious and our mental health is poor, so get a regular wellbeing routine in place with a little meditation and awareness every day.
[listen on apple podcasts]([listen on google podcasts]([listen on spotify]([other ways to listen](
hey guys any ideas, activities that can make you feel happier
its easier to project, its easier to keep it moving on the outside.
the tough work comes from inside.
it comes from going deep inside.
its interesting to me how we as humans know that its the best for us to follow and focus on how we feel inside but we still try to push them away.
i remember growing up and feeling feels about what now is my identity at the surface and thinking "oh, i will grow out of it", i look back and laugh with joy how naive i was.
when things are meant for us, when theres changes that need to be made with ourself, with our path, which is ultimately all for our path, we can continue to battle by self induced numbing, to think they will go away, or things will change, but we are just digging a deeper hole, but sometimes its needed for a given amount of time.
its about realizing how we work as the individual, not what someone is telling us on the internet, lol not even me.
we can listen though and take what is given and transform it into our own way with what we have experienced and lived with to this moment.
do whats right for you.
the world needs it.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
when put into perspective, i am pretty content with life and super thankful.
life is doing alright and i can’t complain.
but is it greedy to want more purpose?
or is the grass always greener?
i may be spiritually lost.
how do i solve spiritual awareness?
normally on a day to day pretty level headed.
any good first hand stories?
in this moment, whats right for you?
thats only something that you can tell.
 we live in a world where we can choose, light or darkness.
 light takes more time to work on with ourselves, where darkness can be more fast to connect with.
when you know whats right for you, then follow it; no matter what the noise around you is trying to tell you different.
its what is in your heart.
if someone hasn't told you this lately i am proud of you, so keep going.
 with the constant shifts of life, we have been shown that we can make it through everything that is thrown at us, together, separately.
 if you feel something different from the energy that you put out, then remove yourself from that situation, from those people and know that its ok provide space for yourself.
when we allow the universe to close the doors that are desperately trying to be closed, thats when abundance, people and experiences will be brought to you.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
we are all unique.
we are all different.
we are sometimes ashamed by who we know we are because its "different" &amp; it challenges us to break out of our comfort zone.
coming into my trans identity over the past 9 months has been filled with every emotion i feel like possible, i smiled writing that knowing that through everything the world throws at me / us, that we still make it through.
the ups, the downs, the hardships, the moments of optimism, the pain, the progress, the happiness, the joy, the anxieties, the darkness, its all for the process.
i am living the change right now, as are you.
please keep pushing.
please keep going.
 we are given the opportunity to try something new daily.
we are given the opportunity to go through the thunderstorms to then share that to others and hope that it provides light for someone else.
goosebumps.
i sit still, i breathe.
i move, i breathe.
i sleep, i breathe.
i am grateful to see a new day.
counting my blessings.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
i feel happy because it is almost summer, and i can finally do stuff again.
hope you guys feel that way as well!
i base my happiness and gratefulness on how others are doing more poorly than me.
so i overthink a lot (i know that might sound ignorant, as i do know almost everyone overthinks).
so when i get one bad grade i feel like shit the next week or but i found out that when i try to think about how others probably feel a lot worse  because they modt likely got a lot more and worse grades.
-i am one of the best in my class, and i’m told by my mates and the rest of the class quite often that i shouldn’t worry as much as i do when i do let myself down.
the problem is that i tend to pray on friends’ downfall, just so i feel better about myself.
altough this does not apply to my very close friends or loved oneseven when i am just in a shitty mood or had a bad day i just think of people that live in an unimaginable hell, like people in warzones or just people who don’t have a family, and with time i feel a lot better.
my question is whether this is a healthy coping method or maybe i’m just a dick and a bad friend and i should look more inwards and get better at dealing with self loathing, relaxing more etc.
we are lonely, we are alone.
whats the difference?
i am lonely on a journey of life that has been given to me, that has lead me to choose.
i am not alone.
i enjoy my space.
i enjoy being with myself and connecting with my inner being rather than having to be around others constantly.
through the time we have been given that as well as has been difficult, we can now know that even when we are with ourselves, that we can push through.
through the times that force us to take a step back, thats when we are being given the opportunity to be propelled forward.
life has been radical and a rollercoaster for me lately but through everything i am grateful for it.
keep pushing.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
everyday.
keep going.
through the pain.
keep going.
through the happiness.
keep going.
through everything that we are given, know that its about giving back.
with the ups, with the downs, its always for something greater.
when we are going through uncertainty, through unexpected moments its all about knowing that its always for something greater than we know, so keep going.
please.
keep going.
don't give up.
today: listen to this weeks podcast "setting boundaries" and let us know your takeaways through any of our social media channels.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
we move forward, we move backwards, we grow, we take a second to pause, we jump forward.
 its all about the process.
here in canada, its been a challenging winter, with many moments of darkness, of pain, sadness but as well as happiness, joy, presence and everything in between.
its all for something greater than right now.
sunshine now.
through the time we are going through, we have been shown that we can push through everything.
we can push through the darkness and everything that is trying to overwhelm, swarm or create imposter syndrome to joke what we love to focus on.
resilience.
 its all for something greater, its all for something more than us, through us.
i believe we are all a vessel.
a vessel to do something greater than our current circumstances by living through the present moment.
keep going.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
it’s easy to worry these days, it feels like we live in anxious times.
there’s big things like health, work, school or money but there’s lots of little stresses that pop up like worrying someone might be annoyed at you or being late.
the happiness and joy in our life can pass us by because our minds are stuck in the future, worrying about what might happen.
fixating on worries can be a symptom of poor general wellbeing, so give yourself a mental health check up - your sleep pattern is key to this but it’s helpful to make a list of daily activities that help you to maintain your peace - meditation, exercise, yoga, creative activities, reading, socialising, going for a walk in nature - whatever wholesome activities suit you.
being aware of the things that disrupt your mental health is also important - caffeine used to drive my worrying but alcohol, tv, news and social media can also have an impact.
the point is not to tell you what to do or what to consume.
the point is that bringing awareness to what you consume allows you to monitor the effect that food, media and experiences have on you and enables you to make informed choices.
setting up a good mental health routine and sticking to it will make a huge difference with worrying.
the second part is being present with what you’re experiencing.
when you have a worrying thought, notice it arising and sit with it for a moment, listen to it.
when we see our difficult emotions as friends rather than enemies and tend to them with compassion we take away their power over us, they no longer can control our behaviours.
we can breathe and allow the worrying thought to pass without acting on it, without being swept away by it.
we can smile to our anxiety and smile to our difficulties.
the final way to tend to our worrying to to look deeply into it.
our reaction when worries are coming up is to barricade the door and try and shut it out but it’s an opportunity for us to find out why we react the way we do and find out where the root of our fear lies.
most of the time, our fear lies in deeply held assumptions or beliefs, created by experiences from the past.
when we shine the light of compassion and awareness onto that assumption, we can ask ourselves whether it’s really true.
taking the time to explore with kindness the parts of ourselves that live in the dark is how we liberate ourselves from suffering.
[listen on apple podcasts]([listen on google podcasts]([listen on spotify]([other ways to listen](
we are all on a rush.
 we want to "get there" and want to get to the destination that we forget that the process is the most important of success.
take a breath.
take a step back.
it will all be ok.
i know times may be tough right now, i know things may not be able to understand why everything is happening, but just know that everything is happening for something greater than right now.
keep pushing.
keep doing your best.
ups, downs, everything in between, its all for something greater, please keep telling yourself that everything is for something greater than right now.
today is your day to start something new.
today is your day to start focusing on something that you have been wanting to focus on.
set the intention, work hard, embrace and receive.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
you say you're depressed?
well i was depressed once and then i asked myself who am i?
what has had my focus that served no purpose to my growth?
well i came up with a conclusion.
i am who i am because of all of my trials and i should love myself for each and every one of those lessons(good and bad).
secondly i realized my focus was stretch thin in many directions.
none of which i ever wanted to go in so i had to ask myself what is it do i need or want from this existence of mine?
to be happy and myself at all times.
not looking for clout, attention, or anyones approvals.
#stopped that asap!
then i started moving away from all the bs surrounding me and then depression wasn't an issue anymore or at least something i can get past once i realigned my energy inwards and ceased to take the outside energies from having a hold on me as they did.
i'm human so yes i hurt, i am happy, sometimes i'm overwhelmed but the one thing i can share is that letting others energies sway you is and will always be your biggest pitfall.
and if you don't realize it for yourself then you will always be quote on quote 'depressed'.
miss me eith all that.
"not good enough", "why would anyone want that?"
"that isn't art", is things i push through daily with my art.
that is the darkness trying to swarm, we won't let it win.
 we all have these thoughts and feelings that we aren't good enough, which is normal but it allows for us to focus on our intentions.
 our intentions will then allow us to take a step back to breathe, to relax, to realign and then jump forward.
if someone hasn't told you this lately, then know that you are seen.
you are heard.
you are loved.
you matter.
keep going and keep pushing.
when we are in the eye of the storm, it can be difficult sometimes to think, why this is all happening, but just know that it is happening for something greater that is beyond our expectations.
keep working.
keep expanding and keep facing your comfort zones.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
if you’re interested to join our team, please comment down below your favorite activity that makes you happy, and a short scientific explanation that comes with it!
:)we look forward to meeting you!
watch this video to see how i set challenges in order to meet my goals and leave your comments.
cheers :))   [what is your goal?
what is your challenge?
- youtube](
when we go through the pain, the anxiety, the sadness, the darkness, the depression; everything that is constantly pushing us back and trying to push us down, one day the tables turn.
one day, we get to the point where all the time, energy, effort, sweat, tears, blood &amp; our entire soul is seen by the universe and given to us 100 fold.
until that day, keep pushing, keep going, its all worth it.
the times we are going through can be difficult sometimes to find the energy to push through the day, to complete tasks and projects that have been created by us but then become a responsibility.
something that helps me is knowing when i am feeling tired and wanting to give up, i take a step back.
to reset.
i go outside and breathe in fresh air to forget about life for a brief moment and just be.
everything that is being focused on right now is for something greater than we can even think of, that we expect, but the universe already knows and thats all that matters to me.
keep going.
i love you.
 drey &lt;3
new day.
new start.
 its a new day to breathe.
its a new day to try something new.
with the many ups and downs that happen during the day.
lately, life has been a rollercoaster, with road blocks that try to overwhelm, that try to become a brick wall, but i constantly am reminding myself that life is a wave.
 life is a journey and thats the most important part of life.
enjoying and embracing the journey.
today can be your day.
if you choose to, so keep going, keep pushing, we are going through some tough times but we can breakthrough and shine through.
it takes work but it will be worth it, i know it.
don't give up.
keep going.
keep pushing.
it will all work out.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
it’s difficult being an adult.
for me it’s the repetitiveness of it all.
day in day out.
the same routines and chores every day.
makes me feel like i’m on a hamster wheel.
it can be easy to resort to escapist behaviour that brings me the feeling of novelty.
especially in this “only a few clicks away” digital world.
somehow we need to find novelty in the everyday.
look at what we’ve been doing (and what we have to do again) every day with a different set of eyes.
only then we can satisfy both needs.
the need for progress in our lives, which comes through the compounding of repeated actions, and the need for novelty and excitement that our brain yearns for.
good luck!
we turn our passions off.
we turn our visions off.
why?
 because of us?
or because of someone else?
imposter syndrome.
we will break through.
i just know it.
goosebumps.
 keep going please.
keep going for that inner child that lives inside of you that is desperately wanting to come out.
keep going.
everything we want is already ours, just push a little harder, please, push harder.
we focus on the future, we focus on our goals, we focus on the darkness that is trying to swarm us, why?
imposter syndrome.
we will be ok.
our voice is what is needed for the world.
with our voice comes impact.
 start sharing your vulnerabilities, i know........ scary.
it is all worth it, please, please, please, i desperately ask you to focus on what you love to do and share it with the world.
 i love you.
drey &lt;3
starting your day off well doesn’t involve a huge amount of rocket science but it does need a bit of patience and persistence.
the key thing is setting up new habits and sticking to them every day, even on the weekend.
the most important of these is your sleep hygiene.
the temptation is to use the weekend for a lie in, but if you’re like me and occasionally get insomnia the answer is to have a set time for going to bed and getting up.
getting into a rhythm in this way means that your body is ready for sleep at bedtime and is ready to rise in the morning.
it’s also helpful to avoid the things that interfere with your sleep like alcohol and particularly caffeine - most of my insomnia (and anxiety) was caused by my coffee habit.
for the same reason its a good idea to keep mobiles and laptops out of the bedroom, they interfere with sleep and they also make it more difficult to get out of bed.
starting your morning with social media, which is designed to get a reaction from us, doesn’t set you up well for the day.
on to your morning routine - some activity as soon as as you get up is helpful.
whether you’re doing stretching, movement or yoga focus your awareness on your breath and what you can feel in your body rather than whats coming up in your day.
you can then sit for a guided meditation, morning is a great time to practice gratitude.
its the one trait that happy people have in common and its vital for cultivating our happiness, especially in the morning when our mind is in a suggestible state.
finally, you can practice mindful drinking and mindful eating with breakfast, paying all of your attention to each mouthful of food, being aware of the smell, texture and flavours, eating slowly and putting the spoon down between bites.
keeping in mind everything that went into it as you eat is another way to integrate gratitude into the start of your day.
[listen on apple podcasts]([listen on google podcasts]([listen on spotify]([other ways to listen](
everyday is different.
everyday is an opportunity for us to learn something new, to do something new.
sometimes i know for myself that i try to force learning something, that i force trying something new and i have realized in the past few days why.
imposter syndrome.
 we have so many things we want to try.
we subconsciously think that we aren't good enough, that we don't have enough experience to start a new venture with whatever it is we want to focus on; art, mental health, exercise, meditation etc., that sometimes we have to break through our own comfort zone.
sometimes we have to push ourselves, sometimes we have to really know what we want to do and push through the negative self talk that is a sign that what we are doing is meant for us.
it all takes time.
give yourself the time needed to ease yourself into that new path and by ease, i mean by knowing what it is what we want to do, and breaking through those boundaries that are trying to keep us in our comfort zone.
today: listen to this weeks podcast "self care" on all streaming platforms.
 i love you.
drey &lt;3
start today.
our lives are rare.
did you know that the odds of being a human is 300 trillion to 1?
 when we think about that and stop for a second to think, we truly have already accomplished everything we have wanted, even if it isn't "physically" there.
it all takes time.
when we begin to set goals and work hard daily, its interesting how the universe, god, source, the divine, whatever it is you believe in will truly bring us more than what we expect.
keep going and if someone hasn't said this to you lately, i am proud of you.
you're doing the best you can in this very moment with the circumstances we have been given &amp; thats enough.
 what is it that you want to start focusing on today?
start it.
 even if you don't know where it will lead you, take one step towards it, keep working hard and keep doing your best with it.
you will be, i will be, we will all be amazed with where it will lead us.
 start now &amp; know that the noise around you is just apart of the journey and process.
you're exactly where you're meant to be.
 i love you.
drey &lt;3
&amp;#x200b;what headline will you write for yourself today?
in other words, how  will you characterize your experience of this day?
as an interesting  one: uplifting, satisfying, productive?
or as a depressing one: unhappy,  woeful, disappointing.
you will no doubt respond with, “it depends what happens today,” or  what happened, if you are reading this at the end of your day.
but  here’s the thing.
much of how you experience your day will depend not on  the events themselves, but how you choose to perceive those events.
what you choose to focus on.
little by little, we progress, we move forward.
 we have to remember its not about doing 100 different things daily, you definitely can, but its about consistency.
doing 1 thing a day towards your goal is better than doing 100 things in one day and then not doing anything more for a few weeks.
stay consistent.
we here the quote "work smarter, not harder", well remember that we can do both simultaneously but the most important thing like we said is consistency.
 everything takes time, so know that you're exactly where you're meant to be, right now.
say it out loud "i am exactly where i am meant to be", keep saying it until the anxiety or rush to get to the next task subsides.
we are going through times that most of us have never experienced before so its ok to give yourself time to rest, its ok to give yourself time to be still; to meditate, get fresh air and just enjoy this present moment.
i am proud of you.
i know you're doing your best, however "your best" looks like, its important for your story and journey.
 you're not late, you're not behind, you're exactly where you're meant to be.
 keep going.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
i have trouble letting go of grudges.
especially if i feel like the issue was swept under the rug by the offender or undermined like it never happened.
i tend to obsess over the issue and overanalyze it.
what are your experiences with moving beyond the past or figuring out how to forgive even the darkest of enemies.
the light of the day, the light of life.
it is important to live your truth.
your truth is what will change the world, it definitely is always met with fear, anxieties, vulnerability etc., we push on, we push through.
in this very moment its difficult sometimes to be present, to be present with our truth but just know with daily focus we will reach where we want to be.
sometimes the best thing to do in a difficult situation is to walk away, sometimes its difficult to walk away physically when spaces are shared, especially during the time we are going through right now.
just know that there are 1000's of people who are seeking you as you seek them.
living as my trans authentic self is definitely met with some difficult moments but i know this is all apart of my journey and my truth.
 you're loved.
you're important.
you're valid.
 i love you.
drey &lt;3
we all love different things.
we all have different focuses.
we all can still remain connected through our own focuses, through our own passions.
life is about learning, life is about listening and sharing.
 we learn more from listening then we do from sharing.
interesting thought?
we have 2 ears and 1 mouth for a reason haha.
today is the day.
to start.
to keep going.
to innovate &amp; to know that anything you put your all into, that you put your soul into, will come back to you 10 fold, 100 fold.
patience though.
 we want things quickly, success, money, fame, longevity but remember that when we want to get there, we miss everything that is learned along the way, which is the most important.
 what you bring to the world is special.
you're special so in this very moment, take a deep breath, take a deep breath and breathe into your lungs the deepest you have ever breathed and know that everything that you're focusing on has already worked out.
 you're loved.
you bring an impact to this world.
i am proud of you.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
we know what we want.
we sometimes don't.
sometimes we think that we have it figured it out.
sometimes we feel lost in the abyss.
with the times we are going through right now, just know that this is completely normal.
no one knows what the hell is going on and thats totally ok.
just know that whatever you are doing, whatever path you are on, that it is special to this world.
if someone has tried to project their pain on you lately, know that it has nothing to do with you.
people love projecting pain when they see others focusing on what makes them happy, what drives them, what is hard in the moment for them but seeing that they have the self awareness to keep going.
 it has nothing to do with you.
its their own insecurities and their own pains.
let them be.
imposter syndrome.
 something i have allowed to condition myself with, is speaking negatively to myself, asking myself, why me?
just know that you &amp; i have an impact to bring to this world.
you are fucking special &amp; ugh i just want to hug you, the person reading this that thinks they aren't enough, that they don't matter.........let me tell you, you matter.
 i don't need to know you to personally to know this.
keep shining beautiful soul.
keep going.
the world is getting ready to open up for you.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
have you ever had a conversation, maybe with your co-worker or a friend, and they’ve been a bit abrupt?
and you’ve thoughts afterwards, “what was that about?
are they annoyed at me?” we can get swept away by that anxiety or anger and not see what’s really going on.
you might go down one of two routes - get anxious that they’re upset with you and think of everything that that you might have done that they could have taken offense to, or maybe you get annoyed and you confront them, throwing a coin or two into the swear jar on the way out.
we can choose to take a step back and not get swept away by our immediate reaction notice the thoughts arising and listen to what they have to say.
then breathe and allow the thought to pass.
notice what feelings you have attached to them.
you can sit with them for a few moments like you would if you were sitting with a friend.
then we can become aware of what judgements we’re making.
we might be judging our co-worker for being abrupt, we might think “what an asshole”, especially if we don’t know them well.
we might be judging ourselves, thinking that we did something to set them off.
maybe we wish it hadn’t happened and try and shut it out of our minds, or maybe you obsess about the incident.
however, we can simply notice the behaviour and notice our reaction to it.
doing this will lead to what is almost certainly the right question: “what’s going on with them?” in all likelihood they may not even be aware of how they’re coming across to you.
so you can give them a bit of space and then ask “hey, what’s going on with you?” they’ll probably be grateful for the opportunity to talk.
of course some people will continue to be rude and abrupt, some people might be rude and abrupt with everyone all the time.
make sure your compassion and understanding isn’t reaching the point where your wellbeing is being harmed.
nothing is more important than your peace.
[listen for more](
anxiety, depression, pain, sadness, joy, happiness, peace, love........life.
up until recently i have always wanted to figure out the answer, figure out the way to make it happen, missing the journey, missing the process.
i am unlearning, relearning.
the moment is right now &amp; thats all i have.
breathe in, breathe out.
everything has already worked it self out, goosebumps.
 if someone hasn't said this to you, then i will say it to you, i am proud of you.
i am proud of how far you have come, i am proud of your dedication, i am proud of your constant work, i am proud of how hard you have pushed through everything; the darkness, the pain, the sadness, the evil that has tried to overwhelm all of us during these times.
i want you to keep going, please, please, please, keep going.
everything is meant for something greater &amp; i know its hard to see why everything is happening, but just know its happening for the right reasons, right timing, greatness.
keep pushing.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
we all have many things that we love, in our own way.
we have passions we want to focus on, things we want to try, goals we want to accomplish, but then we get scared &amp; sometimes shy away?
why is that?
divine timing &amp; insecurity.
 we are all insecure with something.
 it is all valid.
when we make peace with these insecurities by even acknowledging them and allowing ourselves to feel it, thats when we can begin to untangle the tension, stress, anxiety, depression etc., that we have fed into for such a long time, or has been projected onto us.
we learn, we grow and together we thrive.
 through the past several years i have really begun to connect with the universe and with the divine that we are all connected by.
now what you believe in is up to you to decide, god, source, the universe, divine etc., we are all connected.
 allow yourself to be present with the emotions of life.
the ups, the downs and everything in between, we learn, grow and heal through the wave learning growth theory.
 i love you.
drey &lt;3
how to meditate - meditation teacher nico dimattina[nico is a meditation teacher &amp; self-mastery coach based in australia.
after relocating to the usa in 2012, he spent 8 years living between nyc, sf &amp; la where he worked for reputable tech companies such as google, pandora and coinbase.
his time spent living the fast-paced nyc corporate lifestyle left him feeling ‘out of balance’ and disconnected from himself and nature.
his journey led him to meditation where he began learning and mastering many ancient healing techniques, which helped him reconnect to his power and purpose.
since then he has made it his mission to share the tools that were so transformative in his life so that others can be empowered to create positive changes in their own lives.
\#nicodimattina #meditation #happinessnow #interview #howtomeditate #meditationteacher
when we face our traumas, when we face our pain, when we face our anxieties, depression and so on, it won't be met with happiness and peace, it will be met with everything that we were avoiding, until that moment.
i have learned through the past few years that when we face our vulnerabilities, when we face our insecurities, when we face things that make us feel sad, or cause pain, that eventually it will get better and that we are doing the best possible thing for us, facing it head on, rather than continuing to live in fear.
 it does take time and i am constantly being shown and opening doors to traumas that have been deep in my subconscious that do take a lot out of me, but i know its all for something greater.
moment by moment, minute by minute, hour by hour, day by day, we heal.
together, separately.
through our lived experiences though, they are meant to be shared and they are meant to be heard.
the things that you have lived through will always be different to what every single other person has lived through.
 it takes time to share but once you start sharing, the impact that it will leave, will be astonishing.
 our pain, our anxiety, depression etc., is meant to be face head on in our own time and then shared when the time is right, so share, when you're ready.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
when we are vulnerable it can make us feel small, but through embracing and facing what makes us feel small, thats when we grow into something greater than ourself.
 vulnerability used to be something that i used to avoid.
thinking that eventually it will "change".
learning that our truths are always going to be different than someone else truths, focusing on our own is important for happiness, peace, self love &amp; to be one with who we are.
it all takes time.
in this moment, what is it thats making you feel anxious?
what is it that is making you feel vulnerable?
sit in those emotions.
push them away.
with time, it will all come to the surface.
i have learned that everything comes to the surface eventually, when we are ready, but constantly reminding myself that when facing a brand new situation through vulnerability, there will always be feelings of anxiety and fear &amp; that is totally normal, we are human.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
we think that change comes from outside, that change comes from the external world.
i have learned that change comes from inside, that change comes with intention and time.
in the past year, i have gone through many changes of my life, from healing from a heartbreak, to healing from drug abuse, to then acknowledging my trans identity.
change comes from inside.
change comes when we put the work in daily.
 step by step, moment by moment, we can change everything we have lived with until this present moment and embrace the comfort zones being pushed, the vulnerable feelings, the anxiety, imposter syndrome and say this is greater than me.
its difficult sometimes to see, why everything is happening for why its happening, right now, but leading with faith and hard work will show you why it was all meant to happen the way it did.
 once it happens, it will all make sense but we don't need to try and figure it out how its going to happen.
keep doing your best today.
 i love you.
drey &lt;3
i don't think anyone will really read through this but i'm going to start a thread of how i found happiness for myself.
although as cheesy as this may sound, i'm in a low place right now so i want to keep track of everything i've done to make myself happy and for everyone to read it .
1. feb 20, 2021 - this is from two days ago but my friend came over last minute when i was sad and sat in the cold hours to try to cheer me up.
2. february 21, 2021 - a friend bought me ice cream &amp; another one called me till i sleep and makes sure i'm okay.
3. february 22, 2021 - i got into uc santa cruz!!
and played jump ropes with my siblings today.
i suck at it but it was so fun!
4. february 23, 2021 - teachers said not to worry about turning late work in.
college counselor called be and we talked about everything.
i love talking to an older person with wisdom.
i got into cal poly slo &amp; sjsu!
5. february 24, 2021 - went to the upperside of dt in my area and it's so beautiful.
got some presents for my momma and myself a box where i can put all my memories and small collections in.
6. february 25, 2021 - got my momma some flower and celebrated her birthday.
a friend told me i was beautiful &amp; lively, and got me ice cream to cheer me up because i was a bit down.
7. february 26, 2021 - woke up early because i couldn't sleep.
called my friend and he didn't get annoyed of my at all.
8. february 27, 2021 - watched iron man with my friend for the first time and stayed up to talk until i fell asleep.
i love iron man!!
also went to a parking lot and just chilled with my friend while the sun is setting.
people are always surprised of my ability to climb anything that's tall, high, and it makes me happy to prove to people i'm good enough to do it.
9. february 28, 2021 - last day of march!
also went to a mall and got the cutest shirt!
10. march 1, 2021 - first day back to be on track of school.
honestly, i have great, amazing even.
i have all my energy back even so to complete all of my old assignments from last week except for bio, dressed myself up and took some pictures, and called s today for the first time during the evening (we usually call at night) and he helped me with my homework.
we also reviewed interview applications for my club and just made fun of everyone.
honestly, he's great.
we match humor and my siblings like him a lot.
i'm glad i have a friend like him.
11. march 5, 2021 - haven't wrote in the last few days because i've been honestly keeping myself busy and occupied.
i can say though for certain, i'm content of where i am.
i almost finished all of my late assignments.
today i went out with my friends.
we got mcdonald, hanged at this viewpoint, went to target, and got some milk tea.
i was tired the whole time though but i can't nap because i have a scholarship to finish and i promised another friend that i would binge-watch this show on netflix with him.
the funnest part of today for me would probably be staying out late.
i don't get to do that often but my mom didn't notice so that was fun.
12. march 7, 2021 - probably best day so far this year.
i had so much fun and fell down laughing so hard i couldn't breathe.
in the morning i went to the flea market with my friend.
i found a grease jukebox for only $5 that i absolute adore.
i always wanted one ever since i played ourworld which was huge on part of my childhood.
i planned on using the jukebox as decoration only but surprisingly, it was still working.
the whole thing lights up and it even has the summer nights on it!!
after that, i took a restful nap and went to the park with my siblings.
we just chilled played small games and football.
football was fun and hilarious.
i couldn't stop laughing the whole entire time and i was filled with so much joy.
but after that i just called my friend and i did my homework while he does his.
13. march 8, 2021 - today was really good.
my friend picked me up and we're supposed to have a little picnic at a nearby farm but it started lightly raining.
so we rushed hahah to a playground and there was a tiny rainbow.
it was beautiful.
today was beautiful.
i think i'm going to start writing in here weekly, monthly, i don't know.
i know i'm happy and super content with where i'm at now so i don't need to put down reminders anymore but we'll see.
14. march 12, 2021 - a much needed break today even though i know i'm falling off the course (school-wise).
told my momma i was going to school but in reality i skipped my first two class today because my friend came over and got me a tub of ice cream.
we then climbed the fence over my old elementary and just hanged on the playground and talk.
i miss being a kid.
:( went to go eat with my cousins, siblings, and my sibling's boyfriend.
we went to this beautiful place and ate just talked.
i had a great time just opening up myself.
15. march 23, 2021 - been the most stressed i've ever been.
grew so many acne and hardly have gotten much sleep.
but the good news is, i know he likes me-- a lot and i like him a lot too.
(: .
i finally got a bike, it's an old one but my dad fixed it up for me and i've been biking with him to downtown.
i hope this last forever.
he brings nothing but joy into my life and i'm so happy all of my siblings like him too.
16. march 25, 2021 - i went out with him again today.
a bit sad from unexpected news so he picked me up and we hang at the park in fremont.
then we went to go get some ice cream in pleasanton.
how do i even deserve someone like this.
he treats me so well.
i told him i like a particular song and he turned it on louder for me without questioning.
i appreciate him so god damn much.
after that i went biking with my older sister to japanese garden.
i am really glad i got this bike and i love my parents so much for fixing it up for me.
growing up made me realize how many things i took for granted in life.
from now on, i will appreciate everything.
today starting off with my crush, my older sister, my parents, my bike, and that amazing ice cream shop in pleasanton.
&amp;#x200b;&amp;#x200b;&amp;#x200b;&amp;#x200b;&amp;#x200b;&amp;#x200b;&amp;#x200b;
to experience all there is to enjoy (a sunrise, laughter of a child, a great opportunity coming your way) your mind must be free of all torment in the form of fears and regrets.
share your views as to how your life relates to this statement.
it isn't just one.
it isn't one vs everyone.
its about connecting, learning, supporting, being with  a collective of people.
thats how true happiness, success, peace and abundance is reached.
with a team.
i am learning to ask for help.
i am learning to reach out.
i am learning that its ok to have people apart of my vision.
i am always learning.
 if i have been doing it for 2 years, or 10.
i am always learning.
thats the beauty of life.
 that life is about constantly evolving, improving, learning what works and what doesn't; even though we all get caught up in the word mistakes, i believe that there are truly no mistakes.
mistakes always lead to learning, improving, embracing, sitting in or knowing how to do something next time.
in the line of growth, it isn't linear.
 it is a wave.
a wave with high highs and low lows, but all of is important for growth and success.
 all of it is important to improve.
all of it is important for personal development, self care, self love and most importantly boundaries.
release the thought of growth being linear and embrace the wave.
today: listen to this weeks podcast "moving forward in life" - stricly spoken, on all streaming platforms.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
up until a little while ago, i always wanted others to see me how i see myself, but even with working up the courage to share my personal vulnerabilities, i sometimes am met with other peoples ignorance.
i have learned that the only person that needs to understand me, is myself.
 interesting analogy?
creating barriers?
its really the exact opposite.
we can only be are our true self, when we believe who we are is true &amp; step into that truth.
we aren't here to convince, we aren't here to make others see our own way because the truth is, they can only see, when they are ready to look.
others "aren't" ready, because they have their own pain, insecurities and vulnerabilities that must be met with first before embracing who i am/you are, as we all have.
 understand yourself.
 put the work in daily to learning.
i do this, by doing things that feed and fill my soul, rather then trying to people please, something else i am healing from.
 meditation, gratitude lists, being outside, painting, focusing on a new passion, writing etc., try things that you feel in your heart.
 people will understand you eventually or not, but don't wait for their validation/affirmation for you to step into your truth.
be your truth now.
slowly.
remember though, everything takes time and the only thing we can do daily, is our best.
lets do our best.
together, separately.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
how do you feel when someone criticizes you?
maybe it prompts you to start beating yourself up.
nobody likes to be criticized, especially if you have perfectionist tendencies.
its important to think about the source of the criticism - it makes a huge difference whether it comes from a friend that we know cares about us or someone that might have other motivations.
whether the criticism is delivered with kindness or rudeness, listen to what they have to say.
don’t react immediately, breathe.
if you’re feeling defensive just notice and acknowledge that feeling.
its really important to take your time, so you might want to acknowledge to the person that you’ve heard what they’ve said and walk away.
take some time to let your mind settle before you tackle what’s going on.
the golden rule is to treat yourself with kindness, even if you think you’ve made a mistake.
non-judgement is key - you don’t have to take a view of yourself or the critical person; accept that they’re feeling the way they are and that you’re feeling the way you are without judging.
so now you’ve stepped away and now you’re giving some consideration to what the person has said.
ask yourself the key question - is it true?
what good can i take from what i heard?
and that’s up to you - if there’s genuinely nothing of value to take that's fine but there’s usually something for us to learn even if its not what the person was trying to communicate.
the last thing to bear in mind is that there’s a difference between criticism and abuse.
if you are being regularly unfairly criticised in a destructive way you should know that this is not ok.
if they attack you, you don’t have to justify who you are, you don’t have to explain, you don’t have to defend.but most of all you don’t have to argue.
if they don’t listen, protect yourself by stepping back from the relationship - nothing is more important than your peace and your mental health.
[listen on apple podcasts]([listen on google podcasts]([listen on spotify]([other ways to listen](
share what bothers your soul.
share it with the intention of sharing love and light.
sometimes when sharing my boundaries i can get overwhelmed due to holding it in for a little while longer than i should have.
through sharing and time, we learn, together, separately.
up until 7 or 8 months ago, i never had boundaries for myself.
i never even knew that boundaries was such a vital part of being human, being happy, being me.
learning in the past months that boundaries are the root to happiness, the root to peace, i have begun to set boundaries.
 its interesting though because through setting my own boundaries, i have learned that this is something that every human struggles with, that we all have boundaries that need to be set, that we choose not to, sometimes because we don't even know how to, or because of what i used to allow myself to be stuck in, people pleasing.
people pleasing will never lead to your happiness.
people pleasing will never allow you to be your own being.
people pleasing will bring you off your path but remember though, this is all apart of our own path.
its about focusing on what you love to do and with time, i believe we truly learn to begin to put our needs first before others.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
we feel anxious, we feel scared, we feel vulnerable, we feel sad, we feel pain; imposter syndrome.
everyday feeling the differences that have all come to the surface is something i try my best to embrace; through the fears, the anxieties, the depression comes light, happiness, peace and impact.
turning what triggers us into using it as the seed &amp; foundation for our passion, craft, our life, is where healing really is.
 it takes time, everyones time is different.
the best thing we can do is sit still, embrace and just feel the emotions are at the surface or, being pushed down.
 i used to push it down.
i used to avoid everything that i didn't even know i was pushing it farther &amp; farther down.
through time, through constant focus of what i needed; through art, through writing, through exercise, the vulnerabilities all come up to the surface.
once it does, we will be equipped to face it head on.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
ascension meditation with ishtar howell (self realization)[today i interview ishtar howell from ascension meditation.
at age 13, ishtar was suddenly plunged into a deeper dimension of life, experiencing nde induced samadhi in the process of a car accident that took his beloved mother’s life.
the subsequent experiences of samadhi and deep grief ultimately propelled him to pursue enlightenment.
in his last year of high school, he endeavoured to live as a monk in his own home, meditating around 6 hours a day in an attempt to reconnect with the profound mystical experiences that the nde had brought him earlier.
his quest ultimately led him to a profoundly effortless and powerful meditation technique called the ishayas’ ascension and a one-pointed monastic environment designed to facilitate the quickest possible growth in awareness.
shortly thereafter he became a teacher of the practice.
this practice can profoundly change our life, ultimately bringing about the permanent experience of samadhi - today ishtar shares this practice and explains that each and every one of us can attain this state of happiness and bliss through ascension meditation.
\#ishtarhowell #ascensionmeditation #happinessnow #interview
i used to always think that i had to fight through the tunnel to get to the end, then one day i realized that the tunnel is an illusion and the light is always available to connect with now.
 i am not saying that anxiety is fake, that depression isn't real, because that is something i have lived with my whole life, but rather that the mindset that the "light", better known as happiness, positivity, optimism, comes with time, is fabricated.
 it isn't a time where we reach where we are "happy" all the time, "positive" all the time, "optimistic" all the time, "never in pain", but rather that these are all achievable daily, through moments.
it is all about the precious moments we are given.
it is all with the moments we are given to breathe, be alive, try again and try something new.
in the moments, minutes, hours, days, months, years ahead, find moments of light during each day.
when we find it even for a few seconds, it will continue to grow, the more we try and find it daily and with time, the light will always be able to connect with; through the highest of highs and lowest of lows.
i love you.
 drey &lt;3
does anyone get those rare days when you wake up full of life and happiness with no anxiety but dont know why?
dont get me wrong, i have not had bad anxiety or depression but rather a state of long term meh, numbness and lack of motivation where i struggledto get the enjoyment from things i used to.
however today i can feel a sense of contentment all through my body and in my bones.
i'm wanting to accomplish.
i feel like i've had 10 coffees but without the anxiety or restlessness they would give.
does anyone else experience this and is this just the normal that many of us have been missing out on?
what goes on in the body when you feel like this?
hope someone else can relate to this feeling.
&amp;#x200b;pat ormond, at 74, not only finally earned her long coveted b.a.
in anthropology from the university of tennessee at chattanooga, but did so on the very same day as her 22 year old granddaughter, melody.
pat, who had taken her first college course 42 years ago, had forsaken her college education to work as an accountant and raise her family.
pat had always longed to go back to school.
once she retired, she was encouraged by her family to do so.
what a special delight it was to share her university experience with her beloved granddaughter--especially given the particular challenges of the pandemic, which meant their classes all took place online instead of on campus, with the occasional bumping joyously into each other.
although they pursued different degrees, melody’s being psychology, they were able to graduate on the same day, socially-distanced and masked, but “live."
when we feel anxiety, when we feel uncomfortable, the only thing we can do is sit in it, sit still and embrace it.
comfortability doesn't do anything.
when we want to make change, when we want to put the work in, the work will cause us to feel uncomfortable.
it is something that we must do.
we are all here for a reason.
we all have a specific purpose to focus on.
we all have an impact to bring to the world.
keep going.
keep pushing.
through the ups, through the downs, through everything in between, keep going and keep focusing on what you love to do, the universe is waiting for your greatness.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
in moments where life is pushing me back, when life is trying to push me down, when i have conditioned myself to tell myself negative things about myself that is only words and not my actual truth, i do my best to sit with them.
i have learned that fighting back and going straight on defence, won't change anything and it will continue to lead me to speak negatively to myself.
 when we sit in how we feel, and then slowly replace it with kind affirmations, kind messages of love to ourselves; we heal, we change, we progress, we move forward and then eventually with time and hard work, self empowerment.
 my transness is something that i am unpacking daily, with lots of emotions to be let go, with lots of things to be grateful for right now; it all starts right now, in this present moment.
 if things are tough right now, they are tough for a greater reason.
if things are tough right now, its because i am being prepared to face something or receive something with the same equal level of light.
goosebumps.
 we are all on this planet for a specific reason, for a specific impact and we can do it, i just fucking know it.
please, keep going.
please, keep pushing.
please keep fighting.
your sunlight, your greatness, your abundance, your healing is all so much closer than you think and imagine.
when things are at the hardest they have ever been, its because we are closest to everything we have always wanted.
keep pushing.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
&amp;#x200b;
i've just completed the action for happiness free ten day course and thought it might be worth mentioning on here for anyone interested.
action for happiness is a uk based charity.
the details are here i found it a simple, effective course.
it only takes a couple of minutes a day and is easy to use.
what it isn't, is a deep, involved psychoanalysis which will change your whole life in to one of happiness and contentment.
what it is, is a tool to help you make small evidence-based steps to develop habits in your life which, over time, if you continue to use them, will set you down a road of gradually increasing happiness.
i would recommend it to you 🙂
all we have is this present moment.
this moment right now is all that matters.
i am very big on creating goals.
something i used to be so focused on though, is being obsessed with the destination, rather than the journey.
 the journey is where everything is learned.
the insecurities, the struggles, the pain, the sadness, the anger and everything in between.
daily, i meditate, i get outside, i stretch, i write gratitude lists &amp; know that the energy you put out, the universe will give it right back 10 fold.
everyday, its our chance to start something new.
everyday, we are given an opportunity to face our insecurities, our pain, our struggles.
to take 1 step towards doing something daily that makes us feel uncomfortable.
through time, through daily work, we can heal, we can do more things than what we think that we are scared of.
in this moment, you are loved, you are cared for, you impact the ones around you but as well as the world.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
&amp;#x200b;paul mccartney, at 78, launched his latest album, mccartney iii, recorded while he was in isolation like so many of us during this pandemic.
but few of us were able to write songs and record them playing nearly all of the instruments ourselves as did paul.
this is actually nothing new for the affable, mega-success paul.
he followed the same pattern on mccartney, his first solo album – without the added challenge of a global pandemic.
paul’s career is so well known, there’s little need to repeat it here.
suffice it to say that we are lucky indeed to still be graced with paul’s talent and creativity, lo these many years post-beatles.
have you ever remembered something embarrassing that you’ve done and thought “you idiot”?
or worse?
everyone does to some extent - its very ingrained in us to regret things from the past, to see ourselves as not meeting some standard and as a result we feel miserable and anxious.
its hard to stop your inner critic focusing his or her attention on you.
it might be around your job performance, how you look or how you interact with other people.
learning to practice non-judgement can, over time, make a huge difference.
the first step is training your mind to be aware of your mind, of your thoughts.
practicing awareness through a little bit of meditation every day will help you to tune in to the stream of thoughts passing in and out of your consciousness.
next is knowing what to do when you realise you're having judgemental thoughts about yourself.
we probably feel sad, anxious or angry at ourselves and we might try and push the thought away.
but to get our inner critic to relax, what we really need to do is to listen.
listen to what its saying and ask yourself whether it’s true.
if it was happening to a friend, what would you say to them?
you’d probably comfort and reassure them - you should be as kind to yourself.
take a step backwards out of the storm, breathe and observe.
observe the criticism without reacting.
notice what feelings you have associated with the criticism without being swept away.
accept the critical thought without agreeing, just noticing that it’s there.
finally i would invite you to look deeply into where the self judging comes from; the origin probably isn’t whatever perceived mistake you’re berating yourself for.
what really drives your self criticism in this context?
it might be an attachment to some past pain, something that happened in your childhood, it might be a relationship where you learned the habit, it might be something in your culture or a specific belief about yourself.
we can be afraid to lift up the stone because of all the creepy crawlies that might come out but it’s the only way to truly liberate yourself from suffering.
[listen on apple podcasts]([listen on google podcasts]([listen on spotify]([other ways to listen](
have you ever felt like you’re never going to be happy?
like that thought of life is just not for you?
you see everyone around happy and you feel like you’ll never be like them?
have you ever experienced this but life proved you otherwise?
are you now happy?
is what i’m feeling now real or am i going to realize these past few year of sadness were  only temporary?
we are all powerful.
we can all achieve anything we want to achieve in this life.
we can set goals and have the results come to us 10x faster than what we expect.
the most important part of reaching that is consistency.
 working hard daily towards those goals, be that for 10 minutes or 14 hours.
its up to you.
with the amount of work that is put in, it will be received back 10 fold.
when we start a new path, when we start a new journey, start focusing on a craft, hobby etc., we have to love what we are truly doing.
makes sense right?
start doing what you love to do.
 what do you love to do?
 that starts by trying many different things.
when i first started my creative path it started with taking photos on my iphone.
from that it lead to starting to do portrait photoshoots, to painting, digital design etc.
with the open mindset of always welcoming new creatives.
start by trying something that you love to do, that you been wanting to do.
if you continue to focus on it daily, the universe will guide you to innovation, abundance and healing.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
we look to others, when we really we should focus on ourself.
when starting something that is different from the people around us, the generations of a followed structured plan, etc., it will always be difficult but through the process and the journey is where we learn how to maneuver through.
when we support ourselves, everything will work out with time.
divine timing &amp; patience.
 everyday is a chance for us to learn something new, to face something we never even knew we needed healing with or to do something for ourselves first, to heal a little bit more.
with every rep, with every moment that we fill our cup up first, it will lead to then being there and helping out others, even more than if we did it the other way around.
for the past 23 years of my life up until 4 or so months ago i was always there for people but i had it confused.
this was people pleasing, where i was projecting insecurity through the subconscious expectation that they would be there for me as well, when needed.
now, i unlearn and relearn to put myself first everyday.
1 step back, 2 steps forward, 2 steps back, 3 steps forward, 4 steps back, 5 steps forward etc.
patience.
 self awareness is the beginning to healing.
keep doing your best.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
i’d like to hear some of your happiest memories of sitting somewhere and just going “oh wow this is beautiful”these moments can be fleeting but i know my memories of them stand out
&amp;#x200b;betty jenkins, at 82, is a firm believer that work, along with a positive mind-set, is what gives us purpose--and that as long as we can work, doing so helps us to stay healthy and happy.
a registered general obstetric nurse, betty delivered babies for 23 years before becoming divisional nurse manager of obstetrics at national women’s hospital.
she then went on to a job setting up home care organizations.
she did that for 20 years and now sets up home care organizations on a per-contract basis.
it's work she loves.
in addition to that, betty--a mom, grand-mother and great-grandmother--also volunteers at her local church, and travels to cambodia several times a year to serve with an organization dedicated to the health, well-being, and education of local communities in need.
what a marvelous example for us all.
here's a suggestion for a good paper to have a look at.
promoting gratitude as a resource for sustainable mental health: results of a 3-armed randomized controlled trial up to 6 months follow-upi was quite impressed with it.
it is a randomised controlled trial - so a good quality methodology.
it shows fairly convincingly that the intervention works.
it also has follow up of 6 months which is really cool.
finally, the actual intervention is fully described in table 2 so you could easily follow this program yourself.
my compliments to the authors.
the main weakness of the study, as acknowledged by the authors, is the unrepresentative sample.
but every study has some weaknesses....i think i might start the 6-week gratitude program myself next month and see if it works for me.
i'll be interested to hear any thoughts 🙂
feeling sore.
trying again.
when we workout, muscles, mind, spirit, we will get tired with constant work.
is the soreness really real?
or is it our mind trying to play a trick on us to avoid the progress and growth that can be achieved today?
its your call.
 no one can tell you to not try it again if you are feeling sore, if you are feeling tired, if you are feeling weak, thats only you; on the contrary though, we can find the strength, the willpower, the resilience to keep pushing and do even better than we had expected in doing prior.
it takes time.
everything does.
thats life.
go harder today.
 fuck those feelings of soreness, of self doubt, of those things that are only a bump in the road that are trying to make us think its a wall; that is only an illusion.
push harder.
a few things that help me push through daily is starting my morning for me.
giving myself moments when rising to stretch, meditate, get fresh air and look at my phone as less as possible before i spend moments for me.
today: get outside.
give yourself time and space to breathe fresh air into your lungs.
tell yourself everything is ok.
everything will be ok.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
i started taking photos.
i started with a focus of knowing that the status quo is not what was apart of my journey and process.
it is only apart of moving forward to focus on my passions, my craft for longevity.
i have learned over these past 3 years, how important is to focus on what i believe in and to ignore the noise of the world that will say otherwise.
focusing on what i felt down in my core, in my subconscious to know that there is something greater from what is in front of my eyes.
faith.
 through the 100's of late nights, the sleepless or lack of sleep, the days of finding the sun inside to keep going, faith, has always gotten me through and will constantly.
believing in something that isn't "in the real world".
when i lack motivation in something, i pivot to something else.
 i have learned that when i am lacking motivation, it isn't technically something that has to wait to come back, its a sign to start focusing on something else and then with time (short or a while), the motivation for what was being focused initially will come back, maybe not though and thats ok.
today: give yourself space today to breathe.
to take a step back from the pressures and to enjoy where you are right now.
i love you.
 drey &lt;3
breaks.
pausing.
stopping.
taking a step back is realistically taking the biggest step forward.
something that is difficult for me, is stopping, is taking a break, is pausing, is stepping away when i feel like i am running low on energy.
i am embrace it all because i know, when i truly need to stop, i will for my own mental health, to breathe.
this is something that is difficult for me because sometimes it makes me think, is my mind playing tricks on me?
am i closer to where i want to be and this is only trying to push me back when i am the closest i have ever been?
or do i actually need a break?
thats up to me to take it all with a grain of salt.
 either or, we push on and with taking a brief moment, to get fresh air, meditate, eat, drink water, play video games, shower; it will always lead to coming back stronger than i was prior.
 breaks are important.
taking a minute for ourself is important.
when its needed?
 well thats always different.
be aware but don't be too aware because then feeling overwhelmed could cause you to want to do nothing at all.
breathe through it all.
the highs, the lows and everything in between.
we conquer, we accomplish and we thrive.
together, separately.
with love.
today: listen to this weeks podcast #19 perception vs perspective on all streaming platforms and share it with a friend or family that needs to hear this weeks message.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
there is something you know, that someone else doesn't.
there is something someone else knows that you don't.
its how life works.
we learn how to accept, embrace and know that we are doing our best for our own path and that we can incorporate someone else's practices into our own, in our own way.
when starting a new journey, we start with 0 knowledge.
everyone does though.
why beat yourself up?
why be hard on yourself?
we can only do our best and thats all that matters.
 i have learned over the past week, how needed giving myself time and space is.
it is something that is very difficult for me, to give myself a break, to pause, to try to really just have fun, rather than thinking i am wasting time.
its ok.
i am learning and i am grateful for these emotions.
all in all, it keeps me going, but sometimes i can feel the pressure, i can feel the added stress.
we live in the present, by doing our best, never resented.
 hope you had a lovely weekend.
hope you gave yourself time to breathe, to be still and to be present.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
hi everyone i am new here ,always wanted a platform to let my thoughts out and what better way than to treat my thoughts to you fine people of reddit.
this has been going on around for sometime in my mind ....we often enjoy and good times and try to forget our bad ones....and by forget i mean faze out or try to get rid of them completely when these are the things that help us feel the sensation of pain.....the best things in life come after pain.....even the greatest feather of humanity....intercourse cannot be performed without some degree of pain in the pleasure and vice versa....this quarantine was as difficult for me as it was for the rest of u lot...we have had the privilege to have a 1 year extended vacation with our family....yet all we have done is complain like a bitch....its not because we are bad people.....for the most part....but our body and mind craves suffering somewhere deep in our mind so that we have some sort of pleasure waiting for us.......life without suffering is like soul without a body.....a soul without a body doesn't have diabetes obesity cancer headaches but don't we rather want to live and suffer and not be like a soul without no pain...
anyways hope you could see a different perspective on life like i did......thanks for reading 🙂
one of the grim features of modern life is loneliness - we can be in a crowd of people but still feel alone, all of us lonely together.
that feeling is something that we're afraid of; the fear of loneliness can be worse than the feeling itself, resulting in us trying to distract ourselves with other things.
when we’re feeling blue we distract ourselves by turning the tv on, having a snack or a drink, or going on youtube.
consumption will make us feel a little better for a moment but only makes the problem worse in the long term, even social media is something for us to consume rather than offering a real human connection.
to begin to tend to our loneliness we can focus our awareness on how we’re feeling.
we don’t have to be afraid of loneliness, it’s a normal part of the human experience.
we have evolved as a social animal, so when we’re spending a lot of time alone or we’re not making a real connection with others we’re motivated to come together.
shine the light of awareness on the feeling, listen to it.
as crazy as it sounds, loneliness is your friend and is just looking out for you.
its also worth being aware of how we feel about making new friends.
everyone has anxiety around meeting new people which can get in the way of connecting with people.
we wonder what people think about us, we worry that we’re  being judged, we build it up in our heads until the point where we think that it’s better not to try.
but we can get around this block by accepting that we’re feeling anxious about meeting people and examining whether our fears are true.
for example - will people really judge us, or will they just accept us at face value?
practicing compassion and becoming interested in other people is the most important way to tend to our loneliness.
when we develop our calm / peace, we start to focus less on ourselves and more on others.
we notice their needs and see the everyday suffering of other people.
we feel compelled to act and to help that person, even if the help is just listening deeply without judgement.
when you really listen and allow someone to empty their heart, that's when you can really make a human connection.
[listen on apple podcasts]([listen on google podcasts]([listen on spotify]([other ways to listen](
we start off not knowing anything.
do we really ever?
 life is about lived experiences.
its more important than a degree or diploma.
lived experiences will then give you the tools to be able to face what is needed that isn't learned through books.
when putting it in those terms, its interesting isn't it?
its interesting how we think we need to go to school to be successful and hey, if thats your focus then go all in, but for the ones that are going to school because they are told to.
that, that is the only way they will be successful, i call bullshit.
 lived experiences will forever be the most important part of life.
for me, i found myself by going to school, but by realizing that the life that could be followed after was not for me and was never for me.
a little hypocritical?
or is it exactly what i shared initially with a narrow focus?
lived experiences.
 through school, it made me focus on everything i was passionate about that had nothing to do with school.
through school, it made me focus on who i am and now leading up to this very moment, where i can proudly say that i am trans.
 we all have different paths, we all have different journeys, but we all can relate to one another in some way and use another perspective to influence our own, for us all to grow, together, separately.
today: be kind to yourself.
be gentle on yourself.
you are doing your best.
i am proud of you.
keep pushing.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
when we start something new, when we start focusing on something that we want to, there will always be noise from the crowd.
there will always be thoughts that will go against what your beliefs are.
family, friends etc.
do it anyway.
with the one life we have, there really is no point in holding back.
yes, things take time and we can't "just be there", because then we would miss all the wonderful things along the way.
being trans has been a blessing, its been filled with lessons though moments where i am asking, "why me?".
totally valid.
it takes time.
we are constantly learning.
we are constantly evolving.
through anxiety, depression, pain, sadness, that is how we bloom.
with time.
share thoughts, stick with them but also be open to receiving.
 we all can learn from each other, ultimately its all for healing, progression, and improving ourselves as well as comforting others.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
&amp;#x200b;the advantage to defining hope as “have only positive expectations” is  that it gives us a practical application of what can be an otherwise  amorphous experience.
it is, after all, easier to come up with a thought  than it is to generate a feeling.
you can come up with a positive  expectation without having to feel it.
it’s all about giving negative emotions less of your focus so that you  can go forward into your day with thoughts that develop into pleasant or  more pleasing events.
the more you focus on what you can expect  deliberately, with positive intent, the less you will let your unhappy  emotions drag you down.
&amp;#x200b; cicely tyson, at 96, mere days before her passing, was giving yet another dynamic interview with her usual verve.
she was every bit as vibrant and beautiful as she was in her early 20s when she was discovered by a photographer for ebony magazine, which launched her modeling career.
modeling quickly morphed into a phenomenal acting career, which cicely pursued year in, year out, on stage, television and in feature films.
most recently, even through the pandemic, cicely had a recurring role in the tv series "cherish the day," and portrayed alice in the feature film, "a fall from grace."
her support of civil rights, along with her accolades and awards too numerous to include here, are well known.
suffice it to say that cicely is a shining example of “happy, healthy – dead” in that she lived a full rich life of passion and purpose right up until her exit from this mortal plane.
thank you, cicely, for your brilliant inspiration.
a place where science meets happiness.
articles and studies about happiness, or activities and projects along with a comment explaining the science behind why these activities are good for us individually, for the world, and for humanity.
a place where science meets action to inspire us all into building a brighter future.
it will happen.
everything you want and everything you didn't even know you needed.
i am not talking about materials.
i am talking about peace, happiness, presence, humility, empathy, compassion, healing, acceptance, embracing &amp; self empowerment.
when we focus on our goals daily, it can be easy to get caught up in them.
a year or so ago that used to be me.
i used to get caught up in the destination, while only enjoying a moment of the journey, when the journey was the only thing that i knew.
focusing on the materialistic aspects of life; "fame", "money" etc., i learned from those focuses through insecurities such as: lack of self, lack of identity, lack of peace, lack of happiness, looking for validation/affirmation from others, when realistically all we already need, is inside of us already.
those insecurities still lie with me, as i am now unlearning and relearning daily, through grounding, presence, patience, gratitude, empathy, compassion, self love, self care, meditation, journaling etc., self awareness.
we all become aware by living through our own insecurities that we all have.
i used to really care of everyones opinion, rather than my own.
going through all of that allowed for me to focus on myself and focus on what i am passionate about, rather than what others expect from me.
it takes time.
i am grateful for the time it has taken.
give yourself that time as well.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
we can feel stuck.
we can feel like we are moving backwards.
we can feel like that we aren't doing anything thats helping us heal; self awareness is the success.
self awareness is the healing.
the rest is with time.
over the past moments, minutes, hours, days, weeks, months; its been filled with many different emotions.
its been filled with the highest of highs, lowest of lows, crying, depression, anxiety, its all valid.
when we are entering a radical change of our lives, these emotions will all come to the surface, to then be released.
everything has its own course.
everything has a reason for its presence currently and even though our mind, soul, body can play games on ourselves sometimes, its about being present with how we are feeling, rather than trying to figure out how to fix it.
i have learned through heartbreak, that pain can't be fixed right away or even with months, that everything has its own reasoning for why we are still feeling those emotions.
its easy to blame others, its easy to blame strangers, but does that really allow us to focus on what i am feeling?
no.
i journal, i meditate, i paint, i am present in nature, i am doing my best that i can, hurt.
know that you can be hurt but still do your best.
face your hurt straight on and allow yourself the space to be in the eye of the storm but to as well give yourself time to relax, do things just for you.
 talk with friends, cook food, watch movies, play video games and enjoy these emotions.
they won't be here forever, which we have a hard time to realize or connect with when we are going through it.
you got this.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
my name is sarah.
this journey has been thrilling.
it showed me happiness through achieving things and resilience.
i made a video about my experience and it would mean so much if you would like to check it out:)[i quit sugar and meditated every day for one month](
nervous ?
anxiety ?
do it anyway.
if you don't, thats ok, the day will come where you can anyway.
if you can push through whatever it is that trying to push you down, hold you back, in this moment, then it do it, but remember; fearlessness is not the fact of you not having any fear, but despite it,you still persevere.
something that i get caught up in, is the thought of getting there, wanting to be there, even though i enjoy the process, even though during the journey, that is where you learn everything, i still have to ground myself daily to know that all i have is right here, right now.
give yourself time, give yourself space, it will come with time.
when we are going through anxiety, when we are going through depression, lack of motivation, a spiritual awakening, anything that causes you to face the unknown there will always be a wave of emotions, of anxieties because of the unknown.
this is all normal, there are positive anxieties and also there is negative anxieties.
embrace how you are feeling and know that growth is on the way, healing is on the way and its happening as you feel that wave of unknown emotions.
 it all takes time.
give yourself that time.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
put yourself directly in the middle of the storm.
give yourself time.
know its all for something greater.
pull yourself out by connecting with your faith.
life is radical.
there is no book.
there is no rules.
there is no right way of living, acting, being.
there is only 1 way and thats yours.
 the emotions of heartbreak, the emotions of sadness, the emotions of pain, the emotions of the wound being opened again, when i thought the wound was already healed has been something that has been prominent at the surface for the past 3 or 4 days.
i am here in the middle of the storm.
grateful.
even if i hurt.
even if i want things to be differently, but things were never meant to be that way, cluster fuck of emotion, am i right?
lol.
by being true to how we are feeling, by speaking, writing, painting, sharing, being present with how we are feeling, we heal.
there is strength and power with feeling hurt.
there is strength and power with feeling anxiety.
there is strength and power with feeling depression.
it takes time.
i am grateful for the time its taken and it will continue to take.
i don't have everything figured out, nor do i really want to.
if you think about it, whats fun with having everything figured out?
where is learning with having everything figured out?
where is growth with having everything figured out?
exactly.
its all by being present in the eye of the storm.
stay in the eye of the storm until the ladder comes from above and you can climb your way out into glory.
into happiness.
into peace.
 i love you.
drey &lt;3
knowing its for something more.
knowing that the pain, anxiety, depression, sadness, anger everything in between and everything out of that is for something greater; with divine time of course.
she is always on time, we are the ones that have expectations that will be proven "wrong".
pivot, realign, start focusing on something else.
it takes time and through everyday of wanting to better ourself, through focusing on our mental health or even simply being present in the moment by being in nature, playing video games etc., we are healing.
i know that a lot of the times it feels like a mary go round, it feels like whats the point?
faith.
hold on to it and we will all be shown, together, separately.
life has been a wave lately, and by lately i mean it always has been hahahaha, so presently, i will say.
with high highs, low lows and grounding which is the most important place that i try and be everyday.
through meditation, being outside, journaling, gratitude lists, practicing faith, connecting with my creator, divine guide, the universe, day by day, more will be released, for you, for me, as i said together, separately.
 we have to remember though that "healing", doesn't mean that its all sunshine and blue sky all the time, even though yes they are always available inside, its through time that we build up the resilience to be aware and in touch with our truth when we need to step back for ourselves and when we can continue to do as we are doing.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
mindfulness is all about applying 100% of your attention to whatever you’re doing.
of course this can be sitting down for a  guided meditation, focusing on our breath, or words/images, or your body.
doing a little of that kind of formal practice each day is the best way to see the full benefits of mindfulness but sometimes when we've got a lot on it can be hard to stay in a routine.
it's worth bearing in mind that the other way to develop your practice is simply being present in your everyday life.
its good to have things that you do regularly that can remind you to focus your awareness, sometimes called a bell of mindfulness.
examples of these are brushing your teeth in the morning, or walking to the kitchen to make a cup of tea.
it can be as simple as something you see - everytime your take your phone out to take a look at it you can stop, focus on your inbreath, then focus on your outbreath.
returning to your breath several times a day helps to ground you in the present moment and reduce stress.
for me, the challenge is eating mindfully.
i have a habit of mindlessly shoveling my lunch into my face and the hungrier i am the less mindful i become.
but it's a really nice practice for the first few mouthfuls to take your time and fully experience what you’re consuming, what it looks like, smells like, the texture, the flavours.
eating slowly and mindfully in this way means we enjoy what we eat, we’re grateful for what we have and we appreciate what went into its creation.
i find that it makes meals more filling as well so i tend to snack less afterwards.
of course it's worth remembering the old adage "you should sit in meditation for 20 minutes a day.
unless you're too busy, then you should sit for an hour."
nothing is more important than your peace, so prioritise taking some time to be still when things are hectic.
but making a bit of stillness part of your everyday life can a big difference.
[listen on apple podcasts]([listen on google podcasts]([listen on spotify]([other ways to listen](
healing.
different layers.
different times of life.
am i ok?
yes.
months go by and then bam, full circle.
i know i have grown, but as i always tell myself, growth is radical, this is solely release.
release comes unexpectedly, it comes in flashes when it paralyses you for moments, minutes, hours, the timeline isn't determined.
life is truly beautiful, the moments of happiness, the moments of sadness, the moments of joy, the moments of pain.
embrace.
feel.
be present with.
release.
when we feel something that is wanting to come out, we have to allow it, cry through, be present with it and even though it might question, have we grown?
we have to look at everything that has been done, focused on, changed since that moment of initial cause.
breathe.
crying is powerful.
sitting in emotions is powerful.
being with yourself and giving that time for yourself is powerful.
healing comes in the form of accepting all emotions, not just "being happy".
goosebumps.
wide awake.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
 nature is the best and the flora and fauna makes it all colorful and powerful.
my current video is an ode to all the wild life photographers out there who have risked their lives and done all it takes for the love of wild, nature and for the photography itself.
we come across several such photos or videos and just flip it in a flash, but underneath those breathtaking photos/videos is the skillful work of a photographer who has the patience to wait for hours or even days to capture the animals in the perfect combination of the environment and play of light.
they don’t cheat in their photos, nor use flash or apply any kind of editing…capturing wild as it is in their natural habitat.
i have captioned some of the amazing animal photoshoots in the year 2020. i hope it brings some inspiration for the day.
mental health is everyday.
24/7.
365. it isn't just 1 day a year to repost.
its about continuing the conversation tomorrow, the day after that and the day after that.
we all have anxiety, we all have depression etc.
etc.
it is nothing to look at as a weakness as something to "fix", even though thats whats doctors, medical professionals etc., want us to think, which can only be done with medicine or added drugs, that make something that can be used as a strength, then into a problem.
there are many ways to embrace our mental health by doing daily practices:\- meditation\- journaling\- being outside\- reading \- spending less time on our phones/social media\- going for walks\- talking with friends\- working on a new hobbythe list goes on and on.
with someone that speaks about mental health daily, its tiring and makes me angry today to see everyone "showing up" for what though?
to repost on your story and then once the clock hits 12:00am to then be silent?
no.
its about continuing the fucking conversation.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
forward, step back, 2 steps forward, step back, 5 steps forward, 3 steps back, 2 steps forward, 4 steps back, 5 steps forward........growth is radical, release the thought of it being linear.
when we are focusing on something new; we have realized that a feeling, built up pain is time to be released and let go of, it takes time, it takes work.
daily work.
by embracing who we are in this given moment, how we feel and what we have learned will allow for what we want to come to this divinely.
of course we all want many different things, from peace to happiness, to awareness of our passions, success (which means something different to each person) etc., though through the anxieties, through the depression, through the passion, the motivation, the lack of motivation, through the pain, through the sadness, through everything; we are still alive.
fighting, pushing and trying to do the best we can daily.
everything we want will come to us but if we move with faith &amp; gratitude, what will come will be more then what we had expected, tried to manifest or prayed for.
 it takes time, but the most important part is to enjoy the here and now because that is truly all we have.
today: get fresh air.
call someone you haven't spoken to in a while.
be present and enjoy this very moment we have been given.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
lack of confidence will make you hit the floor - nigel green devere ceo
it starts with feeling what your passion is.
it then starts with realizing that you may initially set high goals that want to be achieved when we all start with 0.saying to ourselves "i will start when i have this........" "i will start when i have the space.........", has you already lost the game even before starting your first practice.
use what you have.
 the objects, the space, the drive inside.
use what you have and keep using it until you then pivot into getting what you want.
comparing to others who have already "made it", is such a useless aspect of starting a new craft, new path, new passion, new hobby because that literally makes no sense?
if you are going to compare yourself (which i hope will be less and less with time), then compare yourself with someone else who is in the same position as you.
it doesn't have to be someone else with the same focus but start at 0 with someone else who is starting at 0.focus daily.
do 1 thing daily towards your new path, new passion and tell yourself that with every step forward, you are moving, progressing.
you are well on your way.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
we all feel it.
we feel the days of depression, anxiety, overwhelming emotions that stop us in our tracks to keep going and keep pushing.
do you know what you are passionate about?
that will be the root of happiness, longevity and peace.
when i started creating 3 years ago, i started by taking photos on my iphone of buildings, cars, streets etc.
with time i got bored and pivoted to then taking portraits of other people.
working with brands, stylists, makeup artists etc; then started painting and have been trying new things ever since.
self awareness.
 its the root of knowing when its time to pivot away from what was once a strong passion but now trying to find motivation to continue to focus on it.
its ok to change routes because in the bigger picture, this is apart of your route.
taking a step back, changing routines, changing habits will lead you to leapfrog forward.
its ok to not know what you are going to do for "life", keep trying and tasting, until you do and know that even when finding it, that it can change as well, in time.
today: be gentle with yourself, be kind to yourself and just be present.
have patience with whatever it is you are focusing on, or start doing something that you have been wanting to do but haven't yet.
heres your sign.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
&amp;#x200b;teddy marchwicki, at 100, and cec shaw, at 99, are the two oldest players at the south tweed sports table tennis club in new south wales in australia.
but they are in good company.
the minimum age requirement is 60 and many of the members are well in their 80s.
teddy and cec both run rings around those 80 year old “young-uns” since both are accomplished players.
the club serves a dual function as both a table tennis center and a social club, which benefits members in surprising ways.
namely, a number of members have found true love while not playing table tennis.
the club’s president jokes that they might have to classify the center secondarily as a dating site.
who knew?
love among the paddles .
ah, romance.
for more amazings, go to [
people will tell you no.
people will tell you that you can't do it.
people will tell you to stop.
people might even try to make you stop.
push through.
fuck what they are doing.
 isn't it interesting how they are putting energy into you, rather than themselves?
like actually think about it on a line.
(them) 0 \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ 0 (you)now.
when someone is focusing on themselves, they stay to themselves.
on their side of "0".
now if you are focusing on your craft without being egotistical, flaunting and bragging about what you are going to do, or what you have accomplished; they are now focusing on what you are doing, telling you, you can or can't do it, your goals are too big etc., coming to your side of 0. think about where on the line that they would have to be for them to be giving you that "advice", which is solely projection of insecurity.
they are going to be on your side.
positive or negative.
 why stop?
 you are obviously doing something that is right.
for you.
 which is the only thing that matters.
stay focused on what you are passionate about and have been called here to do.
fuck the external noise, positive or negative.
 push.
today: listen to my new podcast \[motivation\] out on all streaming platforms.
comment your takeaways after listening or send me a message directly.
it helps for future episodes and topics.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
everyone compares themselves to others to some extent but when it plays on our thoughts frequently this can really impact on our wellbeing.
the evidence on this has been around since the 1950s - people have always used their relative position against other people as a way of evaluating themselves.
its probably a natural part of the human experience, but problems arise when we’re constantly aware of what other people have and what we don’t have, leaving us dissatisfied with our lives.
the habits of being competitive and comparing ourselves may have built up over generations, so don’t beat yourself up for feeling this way.
there isn’t a quick fix to it but there are a few things can help, the first being training your awareness.
a little bit of practice every day makes a huge difference and we can use that training to be aware in the moment when that competitive energy is rising.
in that moment, shining our awareness and giving that feeling our kindness while we breathe stops us from being swept away and breaks the link between feeling and acting.
the second way is to be grateful for what you have - keeping a log of three things every day of you’re grateful for is a great way to do this.
these can be big things like your health, small things like your breakfast or neutral things like the feeling of your feet on the ground as you walk.
taking joy in the world around you is the formula for a happy life.
the last way is spending less time on the things that drive our competitive energy.
that might be social media, certain tv programmes or it might be worth rethinking what you want from your career.
if the alternative to eternally striving for success is a small, ordinary, happy life - whats wrong with that?
[listen on apple podcasts]([listen on google podcasts]([listen on spotify]([other ways to listen](
i have always thought that i need to be working constantly.
24/7, 365. even though that, that is valid as well.
its about knowing when you need sometime for yourself, for your mental health, to have fun and enjoy life.
life is sacred, we as humans are sacred.
i truly want everyone that reads this to say right now "i am sacred", out loud.
 feel the emotions that follow it, no emotions follow?
say it yourself daily and check back in with me in a week, month etc.
 we are all divine.
the characteristics, passions, beliefs, actions that you bring is different from what i bring, your friend brings something different than you and myself and i think thats so beautiful.
if we all realize that we are all different, then we can begin to have more gratitude, empathy, compassion and love for one another, as well as for ourself.
for our path &amp; journey, as well as for others.
to celebrate other peoples accomplishments of success, growth and breaking through, rather than quickly going to envy, jealousy, toxicity and projection.
it takes time but when we go inside and constantly are doing the work for ourselves, thats when the healing and understanding will truly come.
go inside, do your work daily, sit in your emotions, feelings and the tough moments, but remember that its all beautiful, its all for something greater than just now, but by living in the present, that is when healing, abundance, peace and happiness can come towards you.
together, separately.
today: enjoy the day.
enjoy the life you have been given today.
be present.
be still.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
hey everyone!!!
i’m (f19) so excited but for years i have struggled with depression.. i’ve tried everything, including multiple medication and nothing worked.
but i can finally say that i have found a specific medication that works amazingly for me.
it has changed my life and i feel genuinely happy.
i’m also into gratitude journaling and many other things to help my mental health.
i’m extremely happy and grateful.
for those who struggle with depression as well, i hope you see this and know that there truly is a light at the end of the tunnel!
keep pushing forward, you got this.
i hope everyone is doing well.
&lt;3
do you want to start now?
or do you want to keep saying "oh i will start it eventually?"
i understand that everyday is filled with lots of tasks at hand.
i understand that everyday we can't do everything but we can certainly do our best with the energy we have today.
some things will take some time to plan, to work itself out.
have the intention of doing 1 thing towards whatever it is you want to start, today.
 once we begin doing 1 thing a day towards our passions, our craft, our mental health, exercising, meditating etc., then naturally we will continue to do more of it daily, where "i don't have time for that", will turn into "i need to do this for myself" and things that have no value, like scrolling aimlessly on social media, continuously having conversations with people that trigger anger, trauma etc., will decrease.
it is all ok.
it is all valid.
over the past 36 months its been a total reshape and realignment of my life, as i know it has been for you as well.
we live day to day with so much pressure sometimes on "doing more", on "not doing enough"; that we forget and push to the side, how much has already been done, even in 3 years.
you might say "wow, 3 years is a long time" or "wow, 3 years is no time", but stop for a moment and think.
think about where you were last january and how you felt?
after a few moments of experiences and feelings coming up, think about where you were the january before that?
breathe and feel who you were, what you were doing, who you were.
now, take a moment and try and think about the january before that?
feels like a long time ago right?
who were you?
do you know that person anymore?
now, isn't it beautiful on who we are right now.
together, separately.
 we sometimes forget how much we have grown.
we forget because of we are so focused on how we feel right now, which don't get me wrong, is valid, but sometimes when we overthink, try to make the future come to us, we miss what is happening right now, which is most important.
today: be kind to yourself.
be gentle.
give yourself ease.
you have come a long way to get to who you are, right here, right now.
i celebrate you, even if i don't physically know you, we are all connected.
 i wish you well today.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
we push down.
we hide.
we numb ourselves.
we are scared.
we care about other peoples opinions.
we resist.
we fear.
we are strange.
we are different.
we want to fit in.
fit in to what?
fit in for who?
for them?
not anymore.
you are sacred.
 we all live different lives.
different identities.
different sexualities.
different characteristics.
different likes/dislikes.
we are all the same human.
this life is truly beautiful.
yes, there are many ups and many downs, many bumps in the road, waves that have highs of highs and lows of lows, but if we take a moment to step back, isn't that life what life is really about?
 it can't be smooth sailing.
it can't be linear.
there would be no growth, development, awareness, accountability, compassion, empathy, humility if it was.
keep doing your best.
daily.
with what you are great at.
remember that we are all different, so we can't all be firefighters and doctors (analogy, not directly) but then again directly as well.
to change the world, we have to excel with what we are passionate at, all doing our own individual and specific talent.
thats how we will all change humanity.
its possible.
keep doing what your best at.
the change is near.
today: get outside and breathe in mother earth.
be present for some moments that are fully focused on you only.
release the tasks that are needed to be completed and enjoy where you are right now.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
spread them.
spread them and fly.
 it takes time, as i always say, its a constant reminder that the best we can do is that in itself.
stay focused on what you are passionate about, release the noise.
the noise from inside, telling yourself you aren't good enough, you can't accomplish it, you aren't worthy, as well as the noise from the external.
i have learned over the past little while though, that if there are no enemies inside then all enemies outside can't verbally, physically harm us.
its always about the internal work.
its all about how we speak to ourselves inside.
i have learned the "delete, delete" technique.
in moments that we begin to speak negatively or we actually do, say out loud, "delete, delete" &amp; then replace it with saying 2 things you love about yourself.
 over time this will become easier and we will be able to speak kindly to ourselves.
speak loving to ourselves the way we always speak to others.
why do we do that with everyone else?
but when it comes to us, we are so quick to speak the opposite.
the mind i think itself is confused with itself, i chuckled out loud writing that, because think about it.
the mind is actually confused, as we are, which is truly beautiful.
the mind only lives in 2 places.
 the past, with, dwelling; &amp; the future, with the fear of the unknown.
 we must be.
be present in the moment that we have right now, because thats all we have.
today: give yourself a great big hug.
 for the progress you have made, for the battles you have pushed through, as well as the battles that are still happening inside.
i hear you, i am here for you.
i am proud of you.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
we put them first.
we put them in front of us.
we put ourselves second.
we put ourselves behind our friends, family, acquaintances, strangers etc., why?
really, why?
i always used to do this.
i always used to think that "being there" for others, was me being kind, courteous, empathetic, compassion and supportive.
i have realized that i was projecting my own insecurities by avoiding facing myself and whats needed for me to be happy and give myself love.
it takes time.
 its something that i am now unlearning and relearning everything, daily.
remember though, life is radical.
 we will still fall back into those old mindsets and conditioning, but its all valid and meant for us.
with the rollercoaster and waves of life, we will heal from what is needed, to be prepared for whats to come, which will lead to then opening new doors to focus on, you guessed it, more healing.
breathe.
healing takes time.
 lets celebrate our will to do so.
for our will to face fears, face our insecurities and give ourselves the love we deserve, that we have always deserved.
inner strength.
 when we fill our cup up first, we will have more energy, more love, more will to be there for others, to support others, to love others, with loving ourselves first.
together, separately.
today: be gentle on yourself.
love yourself by being present in the moment.
as well as listen to this weeks podcast.
episode 16, self awareness.
on all streaming platforms.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
we start at 0. we all start at ground zero.
we all start with one goal, one focus, one passion.
someone telling you can't do it?
keep quiet and show them you can.
release the need to live for others expectations and what they want you to do, you know what you want to do.
grind, hustle, put every living breath into what the fuck you want to do, fuck the noise.
remember, just because you are losing at half, doesn't mean you won't win by the end of the game.
game forever.
marathon focused.
remember that we are all on our own highways.
one lane highway.
focus on what you love to do &amp; you only.
if it isn't working for you?
pivot.
try something new.
don't quit, don't give up, whats the point of that?
we have 1 life, many opportunities, many chances, so what you failed?
so what you tried and it didn't go the way you wanted?
so what?
is that going to stop you?
 better not.
pick yourself up, dust yourself off and lets get to it.
now.
i believe in you, i believe in trying, trying and then after that?
you got it, trying again.
failures are only failures if there is nothing learned from the situation.
try again.
 it will all work out, stay focused on what you are passionate about.
put your everything into, blood, sweat, tears, pain, joy, everything.
 get to it.
 the world is counting on you.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
one of my less mindful habits is that i’m sometimes a bit of a news junkie - i’d happily sit in front of the news channel or scrolling through twitter when a big story is happening.
this can be bad for our wellbeing though, particularly as the algorithm that controls our news feed is designed to provoke a reaction from us.
emotions like fear and anger are a lot more likely to grab people’s attention than happiness, so the content that we get fed through tends to water the seeds of anxiety and resentment.
we can notice how much time we’re depending on the news and social media and limit ourselves, setting a regular alarm on our phone (the plum village app is good for this).
when it goes off, if you’re watching the news or on social media, just stop, breath, notice your thoughts, notice what you’re feeling.
with more awareness, you can make informed decisions about the media you consume and decide for yourself when to stop.
but the evidence shows that with the news and social media, less is more.
you can get a summary of whats going on once or twice a day - with the time you save you can call up a friend, go for a walk, enjoy nature.
its critical to be aware of what you consume, not just through your mouth but through your eyes and ears as well.
the seeds we water create the garden we live in.
[listen on google podcasts]([listen on spotify]([other ways to listen](
we are all special and unique in our own ways.
we forget that sometimes by focusing our energy on other people, on what they can do thats "extraordinary" to us that we forget what we can do things thats extraordinary for us.
we all have unique talents, special qualities that comes to us easy that someone else would have to work towards doing naturally.
yes, it will still take work to improve, focus on and better ourself but each and everyone of us have something, or many things inside of us that are meant for us to focus on, that makes us feel unconditionally at peace and whole when focusing on.
for me, its painting, writing, being in nature, speaking with people but as i said there are many things that we all are unconditionally authentic at and when we begin to be self aware of what those are, more come into our life with ease.
it takes practice, it takes time focusing on our passions, crafts, hobbies etc., that then will allow the universe to guide us to what is meant for us, but remember it is all meant for us, it is all apart of our own individual journey and path of life.
something that you do naturally, play a instrument, learn a language, write, paint etc., can only be done in your style and by you that couldn't be replicated if tried.
remember, you are special.
you are authentic; what you bring to the world is needed from you, so please let the world see your talents.
we truly need it.
 together, separately.
today: be present in the moment.
enjoy the time you have been given.
its sunday.
you can either go slow or work hard, its up you and both are valid.
be gentle.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
it all starts with us.
it all starts inside.
there are so many challenges and barriers that are faced when we go from thinking that are happiness comes from others to then realizing that, it actually comes from inside.
its difficult to maintain and embrace daily, i know.
 some days are easy, some days are more difficult to connect with those feelings, but if we are doing our best daily then thats all we have to stay focused on.
that yes, there is always more to be done, that we can always be focusing on ourselves and how to improve our mental health, happiness, joy, etc., but all of that from what i have experienced to this moment, is through the down moments, through the moments of pain, anxiety, depression and everything in between and outside of that.
when we are on a journey that has no rule book on what the next move should be, or how to "accomplish success", its about trying and learning.
i have been staying away from the term "trial and error", because realistically if we zoom out and take a moment to think, there are no "errors".
errors only are if we fully quit and give up in that very moment, but when we are focusing on our passions, business, mental health etc., we will always try another way.
its about learning what might have not worked, pivoting and trying again, either today, or tomorrow.
today: give yourself love.
be gentle on yourself.
hug yourself, no literally, stop reading and give yourself a big hug.
 i am proud of you.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
" you are your only limit "i think that while is a part of human nature to look around us to measure ourselves, the reality is, the only benchmark we need to work towards is our own.
if i feel a gap in my capacity and an urge to fill it, i should.
my limits are my limits.
yours are yours.
its my 18th birthday today and to be honest my friends don't even remember it.. but i have the most amazing family!!
they are doing everything they can to make my birthday amazing !!
i feel truly blessed ❤
 i knew nothing about it either until a few years ago and i'm so glad i did.
i was starting to wonder why nothing made me happy and it's because of the hedonic treadmill.
this has helped me so much with just living because i realize no matter how much good or bad happens in my life i will always return to a normal state of happiness.
i see how most people are stuck in the cycle of spending and wanting more and i'm so glad i'm not like that.
it's one of life's great secrets.
it starts with the moment you wake up.
it starts with your first movements out of bed.
do you say thank you for today?
for being allowed to wake up?
or do you reach fo your phone and check social media notifications?
i suggest saying thank you for allowing to be alive for a new day.
without that, there is no checking social media.
do you read?
do you get right to focusing on your passions/craft/work/tasks?
do you stretch?
do you meditate?
do you make coffee?
something i have learned and constantly am trying to practice is putting myself first before others to make sure that i am starting my day right for me, instead of others.
then once i feel that i have the spiritual, mental, emotional capability, i tap into the world.
this has no length of direct time, 5 minutes, 10 minutes, 30 minutes, an hour ?
etc., its up to you and how you feel, but its necessary before getting your day started.
listening.
listening to music is something that helps me really ease into my day, soft piano pieces, lofi hip hop, to really feel the emotions of how i am feeling right now.
today: do what you love to do today.
try something new that you have been wanting to focus on today.
message someone you haven't spoken to in a while and say hi, they may really need it right now.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
try.
try again.
it takes time.
remember to think and take a step back and ask yourself, what am i doing this for?
success of course is totally fine.
we all want to be successful but remember what builds longevity is impact.
day to day balance looks different day to day.
funny thought?
let me explain a little.
the focus of today will be different then the focus of tomorrow.
routines and habits are important but something that is important is to focus on the radical thought, on the radical growth and learning.
the energy that is put into one thing today, most likely won't be the same amount of energy you put into it tomorrow.
day to day balance, 10/60/40, 30/50/20, 25/50/25 and so on.
remember though that we have to fill our cup up first.
something that i always struggled with was being there for everyone (which is very important of course) but being there for everyone first, before myself.
i learned through the past few years and ultimately my whole life until this past summer, that i must be there for myself first to then be able to be there for others.
focusing on things like meditation, stretching, getting outside daily, journaling and doing things that are just for fun like painting, video games etc, will help to increase my mental strength and capability to be there for others.
fill your cup up first !
 you will then be able to fill up an extensive amount after.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
we are so hyper focused.
focused on this moment, focused on this emotion, focused on what is right in front of us.
its all about perspective &amp; mindset.
we can constantly be so wrapped into everything that we are feeling which can be valid but sometimes it can enhance our anxiety, depression, pain, sadness and hinder our opportunity to grow.
we are healing.
we are healing right now, in this very moment and i want you to know that, if you don't realize it.
it has happening right now.
 remember, growth &amp; healing is radical, it isn't linear.
its all about 2 steps forward / 1 step back, 5 steps forwards / 3 steps back and so on.
tell yourself "i am doing the most i can right now for myself with the energy that i have" and that in itself is enough.
 i am proud of you.
let me tell you, proud of you.
 for trying again today, for pushing through the pain today, to embrace how you feel and to know that there is more to life than what is being felt right now.
i know it can be hard, i know it can be exhausting, i know it can feel overwhelming and everything is too much, but trust me, everyday that you are focusing, everyday that you're trying and making that 1 step or 1 action you are improving.
keep going.
keep pushing.
i am proud of you.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
hello how are you doing, im going to be learning how to dj.
would anyone want to learn how to dj with me by video call.
it would be learning to dj, finding songs, mixes, making mixes.
you would learn to dj, and we can have fun finding songs making mixes.
please message me, thank you :)
focus on you today.
i know its easy to look at everyone else and what everyone else is doing but will that allow you to heal?
will that allow you to progress with yourself, with your mental health, with your depression, with your goals etc.?
don't get me wrong, i am all about celebrating, supporting and being there for others but its very important to remember that everyday we only have a certain amount of marbles in the jar.
if we are giving those marbles away constantly, how are we going to have any energy for ourselves, for our needs and for our boundaries?
we won't.
some ways that help me focus on myself daily, is through stretching, meditation, being outside for at least 30 minutes, playing video games, watching videos on youtube that are related with my niche and focus, reading, painting, etc.
find what works for you and keep focusing on that, little by little, day by day.
something that i used to struggle with was wanting "success" fast and obsessing over the destination rather than enjoying the journey.
the journey and the process is what is most important for everything we are focusing on.
if we are doing our best we can do, and like my blog focus was about a few days ago, that doesn't mean giving 10/10 but giving the energy we have for the day to the best of our ability, into whatever we are passionate about.
today: give yourself a hug, the battle has been long, its been tough but you have made it through it all and i am so fucking proud of you.
keep pushing.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
everyday we wake up is a blessing.
everyday we are allowed to open our eyes should be the first sign for gratitude in the first few moments of rising.
we all have lost the realization that today can be our last day, so it makes me think, if so, did i leave an impact?
have i done things that i'd be satisfied with, had conversations with people that impacted their lives, that they could share with their friends and so on?
if you are thinking, hmm i want to make an impact but i don't know how to start, well the impact that is made, is through who you are, as well as what you are passionate about.
for me its my spirituality, god, my transness, my mental health, healing, daily progression, personal development, multiple forms of art, being in nature and connecting with mother earth.
we all have different beliefs, resonate with different passions etc., but where the most learning comes is when we listen to others and their own perspectives.
i understand, some might have completely different perspectives, thoughts etc., whats wrong with that though?
ultimately, its theirs right?
why take personal offence, if you know who you are, if you know your intentions?
feedback, constructive criticism, listening to others opinions, perspectives, their own life experiences is how we learn, progress and heal with ourselves.
life is about learning.
life is about staying focused on what we are currently passionate about but always having the open mind of pivoting, of shifting, of trying something new and embracing the change.
if i was told 4 months ago that i'd be running a daily blog and weekly podcast, i wouldn't be able to compromise that because prior, my main focus was photography and painting.
change is inevitable, when its going to happen, what the change will be, how what we are doing in this current moment will influence that change.
its all apart of life.
today: i want you to try something new.
having a new conversation with someone through social media, trying something that you have wanted to do but have been nervous to start (remember the anxiety is ok when starting something new, means that it is important to you).
through it all give yourself big hugs if needed and know that change means you are progressing and enjoying the present moment, which is all we have.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
the best we can do is that in itself.
there is nothing more and nothing less, but remember though doing our best everyday isn't us giving it 10/10 &amp; 150% energy.
some days our best is going to be 6/10 with 100% energy, some days 4/10 with 100% energy, some days 8/10 with 100%, doing our best will look differently everyday.
when we begin a journey, path, a focus that is different from the social quo, its about learning what works for us and what doesn't, &amp; again, what "doesn't work" isn't a negative thing.
its about learning from the action and pivoting for the next time.
it is all meant for our growth and all meant for us to improve whatever it is we are focusing on.
trying new things, tasting new things is the most important thing to me.
i truly believe we all need to be doing this constantly, realistically we have no idea what will stand out, what we might think might be for us but really isn't, what needs more time for space away from etc.
we are constantly growing up (growing up is constant through all ages 20's, 30's, 40's, 50's, 60's, 70's, 80's, 90's).
there is no limit to growth, growth is limitless.
through the world we have grown up in, we presume that life is linear, that growth is linear, that our craft is linear, that our business is linear, that our mental health is linear, that our healing is linear and this is 100% false.
life is radical and forever will be.
even if you are content with working in a "9-5" culture, even that is radical.
everyday will look different, yes you might be doing the same tasks everyday but maybe you are not?
as i first stated, i think its such a wonderful and beautiful gift we have all been given to be able to try, taste and learn from 1000's and 1000's different things.
we really only have a short amount of time on this planet so why waste it doing something that you don't like doing?
of course though when you are starting a new path, you still need to financially support yourself, which is where, grocery jobs, mcdonald's, office jobs, etc., comes into play, but using the time we have to do as much as we can towards those goals.
today: listen to my new podcast "watching thoughts" on spotify, apple podcasts, or anchor.
i speak about the ways to combat against thoughts that are trying to become thoughts; anxiety, depression, mental health, negative self talk etc., and let me know your takeaways from it after listening.
i wish you well.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
we all want to grow.
we all want to improve ourself.
we all want to leave behind our insecurities, things that make us feel weak, that make us feel shameful.
we want to flourish, we want to bloom, we want to live our true self.
we will get there, together, separately.
remember that there is some time that is needed for a caterpillar to bloom into a beautiful butterfly.
through the living process, through the cocoon process and then one day, rebirth.
we are living through that cocoon stage right now, in this very moment.
some days, some moments may seem like we might be going backwards, that we are exactly where we used to be with something else, but just know, that you are progressing, you are moving forward and you are doing your best at it.
i know how you feel, maybe not in the same way but i can understand it in my own terms, with my own life experiences so far of just wanting to get there, wherever "there" may be.
 this part though; the battles, the down moments, the heavy waves, the tears, the pain, the anxiety, the depression, is the cocoon stage.
the stage where we will, we are, blooming.
day by day, hour by hour, minute by minute, second by second and moment by moment.
the past year has been a whirlwind of emotions for all of us.
we have all had to pick ourselves up, dust ourselves off and know that with a "setback", comes a major step forward.
 for my trans brothers and sisters, for my non-binary pals, gender non-conforming folks, gay, bi, lesbian, questioning, intersex, asexual friends and everyone in between or "outside" of that, i want you to keep pushing.
know that you are valid, your being is impacting the world, yes the world.
 please, keep going.
please, keep pushing.
the world needs you.
the world needs your light.
the world needs your sacred energy and who you are, not who "they" want you to be.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
if you're feeling stressed or distracted, taking a few minutes each day to focus on your breath, body, thoughts and feelings can make a big difference over time.
you can check in regularly through the day with a few seconds on each or sit down for a longer session, spending five minutes on each:breaththe cycle - where the inbreath/outbreath starts and endscoolness of inbreath, warmth of outbreathmovement of shoulders, bellysound of your breaththe bodywhether your feel warm or cold - differences across the bodytension or relaxationfocusing on different parts of the body like the toes, fingers;notice the sensation of the clothes against your skin,points of contact with your body and the floor/chairgratitude for the functions that each part of the body providesthoughtswatching thoughts passing through like clouds overheadnot getting involved, analysing, judging, not letting them lead younoticing them, allowing them to enter and exit your awarenessif your mind is busy today, noticing that (it's fine!)
if your mind suddenly gets shy / quiet, noticing that toonot wishing for your mind to be in particular state, observing and accepting what you findfeelingsscanning internally your emotional stateusing the metaphor of the weather to focus - stormy, calm, bright, foggy, gloomy etc noticing where in your body that you’re experiencing an emotion- e.g.
tension in browaccepting those feelings, even if they’re difficultnot shutting them out, but unlocking the door, sitting at the table with themlistening to what they have to say, then allowing them to leave[listen on apple podcasts]([listen on google podcasts]([listen on spotify]([other ways to listen](
everyday.
we start new.
we rise in the early morning, in the late morning, in the early afternoon, maybe at 3pm, who knows.
we all have different schedules.
we all experience different pains, things that make us happy, sadness, anxieties, joys, depressions, etc.
i have learned through the past few years that even if we push our emotions, our feelings, our anxieties, things that we know are meant for us down and down, they will still be there, waiting to come up to the surface.
i remember when i was younger, in grade 9 at the age of 12, thinking oh my liking for all genders and identities "will go away", i will "learn out of it".
i remember feeling the feelings of transness but having a lack of knowledge what it was that i could never connect with, what it was.
i remember wanting to start my creative path and having anxiety to start.
i remember wanting to move out and start a new chapter in a new city that caused fear.
i remember the heartbreak.
i remember the lack of self identity.
i remember the numbing through alcohol and drugs.
i remember it all.
i am grateful for it all.
i am writing this all out and sharing things that have always been so deep inside, thinking "oh i could never share this with anyone, this is too weird, i won't be accepted, appreciated, or even prosper in what i want to focus on by sharing my truth".
i am sharing all of this for you to know that you are valid.
 that what you bring to this world is authentic, unique, loving, 1 of 1 and to be honest with you, the world needs it.
 we are all waiting for you to share, to create and focus on what it is you want to do.
we need it so badly from you, that i am writing this all, hoping to impact you to start or continue what you have already been doing.
our time on this planet is limited.
our time on this planet is sacred.
our time can always be up, we never know.
our creator knows.
god knows.
i urge you to start today.
for you to be you.
i need it.
the world needs it.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
exercise and happiness[today i interview gabriel shaw.
gabriel is the founder of (muvespace), he is also a practicing kinesiologist (bcak) &amp; clinical exercise physiologist (csep) - also a tai chi instructor.
today we will be speaking about motivation and discipline in relation to exercise and movement and how this affects our mental health and our happiness.
\#gabrielshaw #muvespace #happinessnow #interview #taichi #coach
don't try to guess what will make you happy this year.
don't set new resolutions.
conduct a detailed 2020 review instead.
this 10-minute exercise changed my outlook for the coming year.
get a blank sheet of paper, draw a line down the middle to make two columns, name one positive, the other negative.
flip your calendar to january 2020 and relive the year, week by week.
as you do, jot down the good and bad in the appropriate columns.
if you journal, flip through that as well.
after completing this exercise, i was dumbfounded by how a few simple variables constituted 90% of my well-being.
my best days: outdoor cardio, proper sleep, frequent reading and writing, frequent playtime (racketball, frisbee, deep conversations), cold showers, and active in-person socialization (family, friends and dating life).
with all of those variables in place, i felt happy, motivated, and grateful to be alive.
my worst days: stress &amp; overwhelm, unnecessary busyness, poor sleep, canola oil, obsessive number checking (stocks, bitcoin, website traffic, podcast downloads), and unrestricted social media use.
those weeks sucked.
from this basic exercise, i know what to prioritize this year and what to avoid.
use the past year's worth of data to derive your own personal happiness equation!
don't try to guess what makes you happy.
all the info you need is right in front of you.
we have all seen what has happened today and what is so instilled and deep in our government, police and communities.
through all of this we must pray.
we must pray and continue to pray for the only one that is on the throne of the world and our universe to heal, restore and realign our humanity.
each day this year will be different, the things that are coming will constantly be groundbreaking, will constantly be anxiety, fear, pain, sadness driven, we must pray and meditate daily.
we have constantly been shown in the past year truly, hoping you have been allowing yourself to open your own eyes ignore your ignorance to know this is not a movie, this is not something to allow the fear to consume and overwhelm you, but to sit, feel and embrace and speak.
i understand the privilege i have, we must speak, we must share and we must continue to have these conversations, with all of that in mind as well.........we must pray and stay close to god and jesus.
 if we all do then that is the only way that this world can be restored, realigned and move forward with peace and happiness through unity.
 we all have different beliefs with "god", "satan" etc., but we have been constantly shown who is being exposed with our own two eyes and who is working, as we live, as we breathe, as you are reading this.
the most high.
 if you are asking yourself i want to start connecting with god/jesus, how do i?
close your eyes, and with your inside voice or external say "hi god/hi jesus, my name is ........ i just wanted to say hi" and you will receive guidance, love and light.
your journey begins.
i pray that you start today, in this very moment.
god bless you.
i love you.
 drey &lt;3
i have realised that i don't know how to live life.
there are too many days where i wake up without a goal and i don't know what i should do with myself.
because of that, not knowing what to do, i become really self-conscious about it and then " try too hard" to find something to do but then i just get sad that i don't have any friends nearby and don't have any hobbies i like.
i wanted to join a boxing gym but cannot because of covid.
outside of big future plans like" okay i need a job so i will look for jobs online" or doing my part-time job, i just don't know what to do with myself.
i get so uninspired and upset by this.
i want to have fun and be happy but then i just don't know how to or what to do.
then i see my friends or just other people hanging out with people or doing good things etc and i feel jealous and that my life and existence is inferior.
i just don't know what to do on these days of being uninspired and i then try too hard to be something or do something and that makes it feel worse.
i just feel like i'm boring and if i am not doing something cool or fun then i am unhappy.
i’m a 36-year-old man.
i’m married to my 35-year-old wife and have two daughters (five and two).
i am also deeply unhappy and dissatisfied.
i’m constantly finding myself feeling angry about my life.
i compare myself to others, particularly those who once bullied me or who were popular at school.
i am intensely jealous of those that are doing better than me.
i also feel guilty about this.
both because i’m fortunate in some ways and because i’m fully aware of how juvenile and damaging these emotions are.
my wife and i have been intimate in more than two years.
this is partly because anti depressants rob me of my libido, but also because we’ve both gained weight since having our children: i have little energy and find my wife less attractive.
again, i feel guilty about this.
it makes me feel shallow and uncaring.
it’s gone on for so long that neither of us will initiate it - the thought of doing so makes me very anxious.
i have little contact with others and find spending time with others to be difficult.
i often feel inferior to them and am constantly nervous around them as a result.
i have a huge ego and like to think i’m special but know i’m not.
i suspect i have narcissistic personality disorder.
my middling career is a particular source of dissatisfaction.
it’s not particularly well-paid or impressive.
neither should matter but i constantly feel down about it nevertheless.
i’ve not really progressed professionally in several years.
i smoke cannabis regularly and, sadly this and then eating huge amounts of junk food are the only things i look forward to.
i love my daughters, but they’re often such hard work.
i’m also a terrible parent.
i don’t have enough money.
i’m not comfortable in the company of others but crave their approval.
i look forward to nothing but getting stoned and eating.
i have diabetes and this is killing me.
i am unhappy.
i’ve tried cbt, counseling, mindfulness and more.
i troll people online because i’m unhappy.
i’m a lost cause.
we are all carrying around daily baggage; stressors, anxieties, money payments, tasks that need to be accomplished, goals, our love life etc etc.
with all these constant feelings of worry and pain, its easy to lose track and forget what the meaning of life is, gratitude of the present moment, to be alive in itself.
we are constantly consuming social media, news, articles, movies, tv shows; having those "fomo" fear of missing out, feelings, that remember, we allow ourselves to feel.
we all think that we all have to be aware of everything new that is happening, the latest album, the latest netflix show, the latest person that went viral, the latest artist, the latest clothing release, the latest new thing that we must have, but do we ever stop and ask ourselves why?
why have we been conditioned to feel this way?
why have we allowed ourselves to be conditioned this way?
why have we never taken a step back and realized that life is still happening, even if we have no idea of the "new" it thing?
up until a few years ago, i had always been a subject to this.
always wanting to be "apart of the crowd", not missing out because i thought that i'd be looked at as "weird" "a loser" "strange" "out of it" etc etc.
until i realized, when we are all focusing on not missing out on "the new thing", what is really happening is that we are missing out on ourselves.
missing out on our life right now.
missing out on the present moment.
 missing out on waking up and saying wow, i am alive, i was allowed to start a new day, which ultimately is more important than any "trend", any "new thing" etc.
now realizing that we have been conditioned to forget the true meaning of life, which is happiness, family, gratitude, empathy, kindness, perspective, joy and presence, we can change that.
it may honestly feel overwhelming or even uncomfortable to start focusing on these aspects of life that make us, human.
 we have to start and we have to start today.
 as we have seen in the last almost year, our world has changed and will consistently change in this coming year.
remember that being aware of whats to come may cause fear for a brief moment, but of course it will, when we have been shown otherwise our whole life.
take a breath.
take a moment for yourself.
meditate daily.
pray daily.
when we are connected with god, jesus, the universe, the most high; we are putting all of our faith and life into everything above this planet, rather than other human beings that are just like us, something else that i can get into it, but we will save that for another day.
today: get fresh air.
get outside.
if you haven't meditated before, go to youtube and search "meditation for beginners".
it will make you feel uncomfortable but anything that pushes comfort zones is actually what is meant for us, in this present moment and whats meant for us for our longevity.
pray as well.
ask for guidance.
ask for help.
i believe in you.
with all of us, changing the way we think, act, feel with ourself, that will then lead to us changing together.
together, separately.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
we are all carrying around daily baggage; stressors, anxieties, money payments, tasks that need to be accomplished, goals, our love life etc etc.
with all these constant feelings of worry and pain, its easy to lose track and forget what the meaning of life is, gratitude of the present moment, to be alive in itself.
we are constantly consuming social media, news, articles, movies, tv shows; having those "fomo" fear of missing out, feelings, that remember, we allow ourselves to feel.
we all think that we all have to be aware of everything new that is happening, the latest album, the latest netflix show, the latest person that went viral, the latest artist, the latest clothing release, the latest new thing that we must have, but do we ever stop and ask ourselves why?
why have we been conditioned to feel this way?
why have we allowed ourselves to be conditioned this way?
why have we never taken a step back and realized that life is still happening, even if we have no idea of the "new" it thing?
up until a few years ago, i had always been a subject to this.
always wanting to be "apart of the crowd", not missing out because i thought that i'd be looked at as "weird" "a loser" "strange" "out of it" etc etc.
until i realized, when we are all focusing on not missing out on "the new thing", what is really happening is that we are missing out on ourselves.
missing out on our life right now.
missing out on the present moment.
 missing out on waking up and saying wow, i am alive, i was allowed to start a new day, which ultimately is more important than any "trend", any "new thing" etc.
now realizing that we have been conditioned to forget the true meaning of life, which is happiness, family, gratitude, empathy, kindness, perspective, joy and presence, we can change that.
it may honestly feel overwhelming or even uncomfortable to start focusing on these aspects of life that make us, human.
 we have to start and we have to start today.
 as we have seen in the last almost year, our world has changed and will consistently change in this coming year.
remember that being aware of whats to come may cause fear for a brief moment, but of course it will, when we have been shown otherwise our whole life.
take a breath.
take a moment for yourself.
meditate daily.
pray daily.
when we are connected with god, jesus, the universe, the most high; we are putting all of our faith and life into everything above this planet, rather than other human beings that are just like us, something else that i can get into it, but we will save that for another day.
today: get fresh air.
get outside.
if you haven't meditated before, go to youtube and search "meditation for beginners".
it will make you feel uncomfortable but anything that pushes comfort zones is actually what is meant for us, in this present moment and whats meant for us for our longevity.
pray as well.
ask for guidance.
ask for help.
i believe in you.
with all of us, changing the way we think, act, feel with ourself, that will then lead to us changing together.
together, separately.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
[ there’s a concept in psychology that can be readily summed up with,  “name it and claim it.” in a nutshell, it says that once you figure out  the emotion that lies beneath your frustration, pain or anger, as in  “name it,” you can then deal directly with the emotion itself, as in  “claim it.” in turn, this facilitates healing.
for example, beneath anger and frustration most often lies fear.
once  you address the fear itself, your frustration and anger will generally  evaporate, or at least be understandable.
understanding then leads to the possibility of resolving whatever  issue caused the anger or frustration in the first place.
thus, the  value of “name it and claim it.”# claiming feel-good momentswhat if we used the same concept in reverse?
what if we named the  feel-good moments in our lives, and thus “claimed” them?
not just the  incredible over-the-top events, but the small, ordinary pleasures that  we experience all along our day.
that morning brew that tastes so good – what if you said to yourself,  “this tastes good.
it makes me happy.” or really soak in the pleasure  of your shower, of your partner’s smile, of your own smile at a child, a  pet, a flower?
[science](  tells us that feeling happier leads to better physical health, in  particular, to improved cardiovascular health and immune system  responses.
who doesn’t want better health, especially a stronger immune system,  in these pandemic days?
plus, feeling happier increases your overall  mental and emotional well-being, which in turn makes you more resilient  in the face of everyday stresses and upsets.
but here’s the thing: how does one feel happier in this seemingly  unending global pandemic, with all its consequences for our health, our  finances, our children, how we live day to day, our societies – heck,  everything?
# start with gratitudethere is a wealth of studies that show how [gratitude]( is linked to happiness, which fortunately, is accessible to all of us, at no charge and with no harmful side effects.
take the story of [alice lawson](  who at 97, is a stunning example of the benefits of gratitude in the  midst of hardship.
rather than lament the pandemic which has challenged  her as it has us all, alice maintains an inspiring attitude of gratitude  for everything that is going well.
for indeed, there is much that is going well when you think about it.
there are still caring people in the world and those who are willing to  help us find solutions to our covid-forced social isolation and misery.
we still have nature and pets; we have whatever faith supports us.
somehow, alice managed to find sources of happiness in the midst of  truly awful difficult times.
alice lived through wwii in liege, belgium.
in those years, she and her family put together food baskets and  delivered them to basements where people persecuted by the nazis were  hiding.
alice became a nurse, and soon thereafter, a “war-bride,” having  fallen in love with an american soldier.
alice and her new husband first  lived in rural alabama, a far cry from citified liege.
alice had to  learn a whole new culture in addition to a whole new language.
not only did alice survive and thrive, raising her children and  loving her husband, but she kept her upbeat approach to life through it  all – never holding a grudge, always being grateful for life and all it  offers.
now, if alice could maintain a grateful heart and mind through so  much change and crises, surely we can attempt the same.
not to mention  the impressive impact of such an attitude on her health and longevity.
at 97, alice has the verve and enthusiasm of a young person.
so, go for it.
name and claim whatever happiness you can find in your  life.
deliberately engage your sense of gratitude for as much as you  can.
your mental, emotional, and physical well-being will benefit  enormously.
even during the pandemic, what are you grateful for?
what are  some of the small things in your day-to-day life that make you smile?
has the pandemic changed the way you think about what’s important in  life?
if so, how?

on january 2and 2021, my bestfriend who i count as my brother gave birth to two beautiful twin boys.
i couldn't be happier, it gives me hope for this new year.
tension, anger, anxiety, depression, sadness, pain........relief, joy, happiness, love, embracing, truth, positivity, compassion, light.
these coerce together and one must have the other; without it, there is none at all.
this is something that has been something i have been shown in the past few years and i am allowing myself to embrace on the daily now.
with one then comes the other, even if it may be difficult to realize that when feeling the initial feelings.
our world has been everything but what we know in the past year.
our world has now slowly been shown the truth in what is behind everything we know and we have been conditioned to feeling.
we can't change those things that are set in place but we change our views and how we are feeling, with perspective.
we can change the way we feel through meditation, through journaling, through going for walks and being surrounded in nature everyday, to connect with the only thing we have, the present.
we have been shown that we can get through everything, that what lies ahead may be challenging but we have been prepared to face whats to come.
we have the strength, the resilience, the power inside of us and i believe in you.
 i believe in us.
 today: if you are just rising, if you are having your lunch/dinner or going to sleep, know that everything is ok.
everything will be ok.
know that with faith in god, jesus, the universe, higher power etc., what will happen will happen, but remember it is all happening for something greater.
greater than ourselves, greater than just here.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
fear.
it can easily consume our minds and body.
fear, over financial, food, our business, our safety, our health etc., there are many things that fear can try and consume and overwhelm us with.
we must be conscious and allow ourselves to connect with the external &amp; out of our personal self.
connecting with god, jesus, higher power, the universe, source, divine energy etc., you name it.
fear has always been a problem with me, fear of someone else's opinion, fear of my safety, fear of how i will make it through; anxiety, depression and many things that can be connected to fear, until i started meditating daily, until i started praying daily, writing gratitude lists daily, being in nature daily; the divine energy that i was given and now am given daily, has now allowed me to be in touch with myself, (remember i am still learning, i am still healing, i am still struggling) that it now has allowed me to be in touch with my identity, stopped the need for excessive self induced numbing and began to see the world as god and jesus has intended for me, through love &amp; light, rather than fear &amp; illusion.
it all takes time and i am grateful for it.
grateful for the pains, the sadness, the hardships, the anxiety attacks, the depression and everything in between that has now led me to creating my story.
we all have stories.
 we must keep doing our best everyday until, we are ready to speak, or share through many different ways of mediums.
starting each day with an open mind, starting each day with knowing that today will be better than yesterday and releasing the fact of thinking what will happen tomorrow, we can constantly connect and live solely in the present.
 the present is where the happiness is.
the present is where the peace is.
the present is where the healing is.
its difficult to live in the present and then still have the same mindset that we will continue to live for another 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80 years etc., but we can do it.
 with day to day practice and connection with the energy that is external from us.
today: try something new.
try something that you have been wanting to for the past little while.
try something that is causing fear or anxiety on your life.
try something that even if you don't know, deep down you know its the right step for you; starting a business, writing poetry, making art, having a conversation with someone etc., thats up to you to decide what to do but i know and i believe in you, that you will get it done.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
hurting.
pain.
sadness.
we have all felt this before.
we may be feeling it right now.
we all have something that we can heal from.
we all have something we can improve upon.
together, separately.
 we all have something that makes us feel scare, that makes us feel fear and sometimes even allow the fear to overwhelm our mind and body.
it is all ok.
we are sacred but we are human.
it all takes time.
i have learned recently that there is so much strength with feeling your pain, feeling your depression, feeling your anxiety, feeling your hurt, feeling your sadness, feeling whatever emotion it may be, that is trying to make you think that you are not worthy, that you don't deserve, that you aren't strong enough........well let me tell you; that is all a lie.
yes, our pain, sadness etc., is valid, but this is all a strength.
being in tune and one with our emotions, with how we feel, is the greatest strength; to heal, for happiness, for peace.
through all of these emotions, we are growing.
 if you realize it or not, it is all happening inside &amp; i hear you,sometimes we expect growth to be something on the conscious level, where we would realize our growth, where we would realize the things we used to feel that we no longer do, or that now empower us.
it takes time.
i know.
its difficult but if we start thinking in the way that this is apart of something greater, that this is all making our individual story, we will begin to enjoy and be one with all these emotions, with these feelings and connecting with the present moment, which is all we truly have.
right here, right now.
today: be kind on yourself.
give yourself a hug.
i am rooting for you.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
2021, 1/365.
we have stepped in.
we have stepped into the greatest year of our lives.
2020 was for constant lessons and evolving.
2021 is for constant lessons and miracles.
hold faith &amp; trust.
i hope you wrote things down that you want to accomplish; "goals", "resolutions", if you have been waiting to start them when the new year flipped over, well, here we are.
get to it.
there are no more excuses.
we have all been shown how life can change very quickly, how we must focus on what we love to do &amp; who we want to surround ourselves with, day to day.
this year is the year to focus on that business, focus on painting, focus on music, focus on writing that book, focus on your identity, sexuality, meditation, healing, focusing on whatever it is that you are passionate about.
 our lives are all so precious and what should be realized is perspective; how precious every morning that we are allowed to wake up is a blessing, every moment we are allowed to breathe and be one with god/mother earth is a blessing.
try.
taste.
realize its not for you, then go and try something else.
there are 1000's and 1000's of different areas to improve upon, from creative to personal self, to entrepreneurship, to self awareness, empathy &amp; compassion.
it is truly beautiful how abundant this world is, how there is truly a limitless source of opportunities, blessings, miracles and healing for all of us; the only thing is though, you have to go and search for it.
i am still searching daily, searching for a moment of presence, searching for healing, searching for my true self, i know it will all come to me, with day to day practice.
we have walked into the greatest year of our lives.
 start right now.
get to it.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
being aware of what is trying to cause fear over us is where the strength lies.
we have all had a difficult year.
we have all had to overcome hardships, pain, sadness; which has led us to joy, evolving, growth, happiness, light and love.
i am proud of you.
i know it hasn't been easy but we made it through and we will continue to make it through.
know now, that you can accomplish and push through anything that is coming in our future.
embrace, sit present with and conquer.
there is healing happening, for you, for your loved ones, in this very moment, in this very second.
here we are, december 31, 2020. wow.
i feel like this year has gone by in a blur but when i sit for a moment and think about everything that has happened this year, it feels like its been 5 years in 1. for me my biggest step this year was acknowledging, being aware and sharing my trans identity with gentle love, to myself and those around me.
i think its important to reminisce on what has been done, gone through, felt; but only once in a while.
we must focus on the now and what it is presently in front of us, as well as whats to come, but that will come, so really this moment.
what will happen, will happen.
we must continue to meditate, pray, ask for guidance, from god, jesus, the universe, divine spirit, source etc., please do it &amp; please continue to do so through the start of the year and for the year ahead, for 1, 5, 10, 15 minutes etc., everyday.
today: give yourself a few minutes to think about this year as a whole before the festivities, celebrations and so on.
think about how far you have come this year, how we were all forced into solitude and how you made progress wth yourself, from the small ones all the way to major.
i am so proud of you for pushing through.
i love you.
drey &lt;3&amp;#x200b;
there’s an old zen joke: a guy is riding a horse down a road at breakneck speed, barely holding on.
a person standing by the side of the road watching him scream past shouts to him, "where are you going?"
he says, "i don’t know, ask the horse."
like most zen jokes its more of a thinker than laugh out loud funny; the insight here is that we are both the rider and the horse - the rider is our conscious choices, the horse is our habits.
to let go of our harmful habits we need to train our awareness - stopping for a few minutes each day, focusing on our breath, our bodies, our thoughts, our feelings.
but just as important is training ourselves to recognize the habit when it arises.
its key not to see that habit as the enemy - when we fight ourselves we tend to lose a lot of the time.
just notice it, be aware of it and breath for a few moments, allowing it to pass.
if we care for our habit energy like a friend, listening to what it’s telling us, not treating ourselves like a battlefield or running but shining the light of awareness and allowing that awareness to transform our habits, we can start to water the seeds of joy in our life.
and with enough awareness and enough time, the horse will slow down, stop and maybe even let you take the reigns.
[listen on apple podcasts]([listen on google podcasts]([listen on spotify]([other ways to listen](
&amp;#x200b;miriam schreiber, at 81, finally received the diploma she’d never thought would be hers: an honorary high school diploma.
before she could even enter first grade, miriam was forced to go on the run with her family to evade the nazis.
unfortunately, they were not successful, and miriam and her family spent the next 7 years in a slave labor camp.
miriam survived, although most of her family did not.
once liberated, she immigrated with her post-war husband to america, where the couple raised their 2 children.
miriam, who didn’t even have the benefit of an elementary school education, nonetheless taught herself english, german, hebrew and swedish, in addition to her native polish and yiddish.
her story, and the resilience she demonstrated, so inspired the senior class at hartford’s new england jewish academy, that they agreed miriam should be awarded that cherished diploma.
what a wonderful dream come true.
find self peace.
in yourself.
i do understand how important it is to have loving, supportive friends, family, partners, relationships etc., but the fact is, you are the only person that wakes up in your body and you are the only person that goes to sleep.
these past 9 months of quarantine have been interesting, with lots of time for self awareness, solitude, to sit in myself and be with myself.
i have learned a lot, i still struggle.
i am healing &amp; i still hurt.
i am getting comfortable with my identity, i still struggle with dysphoria.
it is all apart of the life of being.
the life that yes must have its downs, to know what the ups are.
to know that the downs only last for a little while and then there we are, bouncing back up again.
it takes time.
sometimes i feel too secluded and wanting to chat with someone i used to talk to, or someone that has been removed from my life by god and the universe that i want to check up on just because i feel lonely.
we must be present with ourself in those moments and realize that we must not move backwards because we are feeling lonely.
 there are 1000's of people on the internet to chat with if needed, but realistically in those moments it might be best not to message anyone at all and just sit.
i love speaking with people, i love conversing, i love communicating and experiencing different perspectives with like minded beings in other places in the world, but as well as i love my space and time for me; to paint, to journal, to meditate, to be outside, to play video games or just solely to sit.
find whats right for you and focus on that.
connect with people that have unconditional love for you, if you are looking for people like that, go look, they are there and here.
all around.
i wish you a day of health, happiness and healing.
together, separately.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
see this is not how it actually works though.
what works for us, finds us.
we have to keep pushing, keep trying, keep tasting, keep loving, keep being kind to ourselves and to others.
keep being present, keep praying, keep holding faith.
everything is working out in our best favour, through the pain, the hardships, the difficult moments, the sadness, its all to reach our highest &amp; greatest self.
the sun is shining here today, its the first time in what feels like a long time, but i am consistently trying to connect with the sunshine that is inside.
that is inside all of us.
this year has been difficult.
this year has been filled with many dark moments, struggles, pain, release, relief, happiness, tears, joy, breaking down barriers, hyper self awareness; for all of us.
i know you are tired, i know you are exhausted, keep pushing.
 lets finish this unprecedented year off strong and i mean it, fucking strong.
through everything that life gives us, it is a blessing.
it may shake us in our boots, make us feel down, overwhelmed, lost, but remember through every loss, through every moment that changes ourselves, through every moment that makes you feel like you don't want to feel, there is already so much strength in that.
there is so much strength with sitting in our depression, in our anxiety, in our sadness, in our pain.
there is so much healing sitting in all of this, even if we don't think so, even if we think we are moving backwards, we are regressing rather than progressing, it is all for our greatest &amp; highest self.
keep pushing divine spirit.
i believe in you.
i believe in us.
together, separately.
today: give yourself a hug.
 i mean it.
right now.
stop reading &amp; hug yourself.
hold tightly.
squeeze tightly.
did you do it?
how do you feel?
do you feel warmth?
do you feel love?
even if you don't "feel" anything, your soul and spirit did.
 i love you.
drey &lt;3
5 massive ways to make you happier!!
nigel green devere ceo
4 days left of 2020. wow.
what a year it has been, a rollercoaster.
 you made it through, we made it through.
together, separately.
 i am feeling tired, exhausted and i know you might be too, but this is not the time to stop or settle down, we need to keep pushing and pressing.
with what we are focusing on, letting go, embracing, keep pushing.
grey days.
during canada's winters it can be tough; spiritually, mentally &amp; physically.
seasonal affective disorder is prominent in all of us.
if you are reading this from somewhere else in the world and you are asking me, drey what is seasonal affective disorder?
well seasonal affective disorder affects us with the lack of sunshine and warmth we get it during the winter days usually from november all the way until march sometimes, wow.........i just realized how much of a battle it really is.
we press on.
 as i want you to push &amp; press, if you are from canada or if you aren't, we are all exhausted and tired from this year.
i believe in you to finish this year, in the strongest way of your life.
 it takes time.
its day to day.
we should realize that every single person on the journey, will never had it all figured out, will never say "i'm healed", its not possible.
there are many things we can heal from but that only allows us to then take on the next level and layer needed to heal.
we are all one, we are all different.
we are all connected, we are all unique.
we are all passionate, we all have different passions.
we all act in kindness, we all show love, empathy and compassion to ourselves and others in different ways.
this is what makes me feel so grateful to be a human and to have interactions and experiences with people from many different walks of life.
to experience, listen and gain a perspective that i would not have learned.
we must listen to one another.
we must be present.
 present with ourselves and the ones that we are allowed to surround ourselves with in this very moment.
things change quickly, friendships come and go, relationships come and go, the only one that will always stay is you.
be there for others but remember that you have to be there for yourself first.
how are you suppose to grab the marbles in the jar for yourself if they have been all used up for everyone else?
we only have a certain limit everyday.
use them wisely but be kind and empathetic.
release ego.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
all of us have the same 24 hours.
the same 60 minutes in an hour, the same 60 seconds a minute and the same moment to moment.
its how we use it, its how we use each moment to the best of our ability.
now, obviously we have to rest and give ourselves rest when we are awake but really its our choice.
its our choice to take breaks that do provide inspiration and motivation to focus on our mental health, self, passions, business, anything !
i read this quote a little while ago and it was: when feeling like giving up, give yourself rest.
 its that in itself.
we must give ourselves time and have patience to continue what we believe, to keep it pushing, especially during these times that have been challenging but have allowed us for solitude for our mental health, our well being and what we truly want for ourselves.
its a daily challenge, i hear you &amp; i am here for you.
 up until last summer, i was numb and i was completely happy about it.
i knew the pain i was feeling with my last partner was still there, unexpected ties cut and as well as my identity really starting to come up to the surface, with slowly being released from the day to day self inducing alcohol and marijuana numbing.
i was happy with it all, we must be.
 we must act on how we feel and release the need for dwelling, especially when we are hurt.
follow what you feel but remember, to continue to pray and speak to god, the universe, divine, higher power, source etc., through it all.
we will be guided and pulled through the hole in the ceiling into blooming into our true authentic divine selves.
it takes time but life is as well.
we must try and do the best we can everyday, one movement a day, together, separately.
 today: go listen to my new podcast.
number 13 - rewiring anxiety.
 [send me a message with your takeaways.
 live your life divine spirit.
i believe in you.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
&amp;#x200b;[rajinder singh \(cnn\)](rajinder singh, at 74, could have  spent this christmas relaxing with his family, especially since, as a  sikh, he does not celebrate christmas.
instead, rajinder, whose faith  encourages “selfless service,” decided to serve by giving gifts to  children who likely wouldn’t receive any this year, which he did in  partnership with a local school and a charitable organization (hounslow  christmas project).
bringing a smile to children was rajinder’s  motivation, and indeed his efforts did.
this isn’t the first time  rajinder has been of service to his community.
earlier this year, he  brought awareness to the importance of physical exercise during the  pandemic by his “skipping sikh” workout routines on the internet.
rajinder raised 14,000 british pounds ($18,700 us) for the uk’s national  health service, which brought him recognition from the queen herself.
way to go, rajinder.
hey everyone, i'm looking for films/documentaries on happiness, broadly defined.
i hope to use it as part of a virtual event coming up.
do you know any other than [the economics of happiness](  [the happy film]( and [the happy movie]( i'm hoping for something new.
thanks!
we all have hardships, we all deal with pain, we all deal with anxiety, we all deal with depression, heartbreak, friendships being removed, comfort zones being pushed, facing fears, facing ourselves.
embracing.
 we live on.
we are all so strong.
we are strong to sit with our pains, anxieties and depression.
we are strong to be self aware of how and what we are feeling.
through the grace of god, the universe, the divine, the higher power, we are always being protected, guided and supported.
everything in life takes time, everything in life is moment by moment, is minute by minute, is hour by hour, is day by day, week by week, month by month and so on.
we must life for right now.
 that is all we have, this present moment.
 my spiritual journey started a few years back when one morning i was triggered, triggered to the point of my body consuming and allowing my own angers &amp; anxieties to wreck and destroy my morning, i thought to myself "there has to be more" as well as "i don't want to feel this way anymore", " i want to change the way i react &amp; respond" rather than just letting myself take in someone else's projected pain, anger and sadness.
it has taken time, i am working on it everyday, every moment.
through the ups, through the downs, through my own moments of lack of faith and trust, god always guides me through and allows me to know that everything is for my highest and greatest self.
 it really is just that.
the hardships we experience, the anxieties, the set backs, are really solely for the purpose of realignment.
our greatest gift.
i just want you to know, you reading this, that you are not alone.
there 1000's of people that are coping, embracing and healing from the same thing that we all are in this very moment and with that thought, it makes it truly relieving.
relieving to know that we are all in this together.
together, separately.
 today: be present.
give yourself a few moments, minutes to be in the moment through whatever that is you love doing; meditating, being outside, writing, painting etc etc.
i wish you health, happiness &amp; healing gentle soul.
you are loved, cared about &amp;valid.
 i love you.
drey &lt;3
if you’ve tried meditation a few times then you might have become frustrated.
you’re sitting quietly, enjoying the silence, enjoying the stillness and a thought about work pops up, or you remember a difficult conversation you had.
you might feel like you’re somehow doing it wrong or you can’t do meditation.
it’s important to know that this is normal; noone can meditate without having thoughts.
your mind is constantly looking for things to resolve, it’s a problem-solving tool which has evolved to be on the constant lookout for danger, learn from mistakes and its very good at what it does.
the challenge comes when the mind is overstimulated, over-active and is constantly processing potential dangers and trying to learn from things in the past.
that fragmentation of our attention creates suffering and it’s not until we stop for moment that we realise how busy our minds actually are.
and thats the first step - to simply observe the mind.
notice the thoughts as they arrive, not judging them, not being carried away by them, just noticing what arises.
you might imagine yourself sitting on a hill, seeing each thought as a cloud passing overhead and passing over the horizon.
another way to visualise it is sitting by a river and watching leaves float past.
just as we don’t try to stop or hold onto clouds as float past, we allow our thoughts to enter our awareness and then pass through.
so if you find that you’re having a lot of thoughts while meditating and you have to bring your attention back to your breath often that doesn’t mean that you’re doing it wrong - that’s the practice.
over time, training your awareness, you tend to find the thoughts come less often, they’re less intense and they cause less suffering.
you spend more time in the present moment and feel calmer and more relaxed.
[listen on apple podcasts]([listen on google podcasts]([listen on spotify]([other ways to listen](
welcome to (part 2) of my interview with michael james.
[michael is a learned scholar and teacher of bhagavan sri ramana maharshi’s teachings.
the philosophy and practice of the teachings of bhagavan sri ramana have been taught to many thousands of fortunate students across the world.
michael james is the translator of tamil works by sri ramana and his disciples, sri muruganar and sri sadhu om, author of 'happiness and the art of being', and writer of hundreds of articles discussing and explaining the teachings of bhagavan.
please enjoy: who am i - michael james interview, part 2.
\#bhagavan #sriramana #michaeljames #interview #part2
on this day, we celebrate life, rebirth.
it is very different this year.
with the pandemic and families being forced to be away from their loved ones from the holiday, it shows us that we can still be connected, we can still celebrate and be grateful for life and what we have been given.
we must solely look within.
faith, trust of something greater.
this is all for our greatest and highest selves.
through the hardships, through the pains, through the ups and the downs; through everything.
we must look within.
in this moment say thank you for being alive, say thank you for being allowed to wake up and see another day.
that is the true celebration of life.
i wish you health and happiness over this holiday season.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
everyday we start anew.
everyday is a new start to do something you wanted to yesterday.
its taking 1 step at a time and releasing the thought of finishing whatever it may be you want to work towards.
the journey of life is through the ups, through the downs and everything in between; what we have, is our perspective, our mindset and our presence.
the past few years have been rocky, moving to a new city, starting life over, having to move out suddenly, change my life again which was all unexpected.
then, covid, unexpected, then forcing me into solitude to sit with myself.
sit in my alcohol abuse/drug abuse and allow it to unravel, release and unlearn.
then; coming to terms with my identity and acknowledging that i am trans, which at first was filled with happiness but as well as shame, doubt, sadness, pain &amp; joy.
we as human beings all live lives as waves.
there are moments that can be very hard and make us feel the worst, as well as moments that bring us happiness and joy from the smallest of things.
the journey of life is a process, it has to be this way, everything.
without the lows, we would never know when we are happy, without the highs, we would never know when we are feeling down and know that something must be changed.
the life lived with feeling all emotions is such a unique perspective, it allows us to know that we are human beings and we are alive.
we all are hurting.
we all are in pain.
we all are just trying to figure ourselves out.
we all are feeling all the feels.
we all have moments of gratitude.
we all have moments of happiness.
we all have moments of presence.
sitting in your feelings, sitting in your pain, is such a strength.
it has taken me time, through the constant self induced numbing, defence mindset and saying "i'm ok", when really i wasn't &amp; thats ok.
i am still learning who i am everyday.
i am still feeling pain, sadness and all the feels, everyday.
i want to say that, i love you &amp; i know things may be tough right now, but i know that if you are reading this, if you realize it or not, you are trying &amp; you are healing.
we all are.
i wish you well.
 always here if you want to chat or want someone to listen.
 i love you.
drey &lt;3
wake up.
new day.
breathe.
do something different.
do one of your habits in different order, see the change that it has on the rest of your day.
we are blessed, highly favoured.
we all deal with hardships, we all have things in our life that try and push us down but allow us to become resilient to push back and get up.
today, get up.
stand up.
for you.
you are valid.
you are loved.
you are cared about.
by the divine, god, the universe &amp; by your peers.
count your blessings.
say thank you for being allowed to wake up today, to start new; give it your all and leave it all on the field, its the only way.
some days start slower, some days start fast, some days you might feel like wanting to do nothing, some days you might want to do it all; have some fun during your day but remember; the amount of work done will guide you on the speed of where you want to go.
take your time.
go fast.
its up to you.
everyday i make sure that i am doing a few things that are fun, getting outside, bike rides, playing video games, meditating.
its amazing the amount of energy that can come from meditating from outside of ourselves.
it takes time, it takes practice and i am constantly practicing, everyday, every moment.
its our turn.
the year is about to switch over, but don't wait until it hits "january 1", to start your goals, "resolutions", start them now.
 write a list down and start working towards 1, right now in this very moment.
you can.
something that always helps me, is recognizing that if i do 1 thing towards my goal, passions, crafts, mental health; then i am progressing and thats all that matters.
moving forward, evolving, progression.
the path is day to day, consistently, rather than one day here, one day there.
obviously you don't have to do everything everyday and can take breaks in between days, but that will allow you to focus on other things in between those "break days".
today: do something new.
i believe in you.
i believe in us.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
&amp;#x200b;norma howard, at 91, became the oldest woman wing-walker in the uk, attached to the top wing of a vintage bi-plane which then flew her to a height of 500 feet.
all for a good cause, as norma’s adventure was part of a challenge to raise funds for the charity “dementia uk.” when she’s not clambering up to the top of an aircraft (despite 2 hip replacements), norma enjoys a daily swim and an exercise routine at the local gym.
a retired physiotherapist, norma now contributes to the well-being of her community as a charitable volunteer.
she happily drives people (who are unable to drive) to their appointments and brings them back home again.
an optimist, norma says she enjoys life and makes the most of it, regardless of her age.
hi everyone,these past months i have found a way to keep sustaining a really good level of happiness.
i wanted to share to share you the secret about it.
i am a strong believer, after reading numerous books, that habits are what define the most a person.
it is partly the consequence of what we become.
here are a few quotes :"happiness is a habit—cultivate it."
-elbert hubbard“you will never change your life until you change something you do  daily.
the secret of your success is found in your daily routine.”―        darren hardy,     [the compound effect](“we become what we repeatedly do.”―        sean covey,     [the 7 habits of highly effective teens](&amp;#x200b;“if you believe you can change - if you make it a habit - the change becomes real.”―        charles duhigg,     [the power of habit: why we do what we do in life and business](so i made myself a kind of app prototype on google sheets : i have sorted out the most important good emotions to track off.
 each time i experience this good emotion, i note the date.
 once i have put the date, the countdown of "days since this emotion" is updated.
the goal here is to keep having low numbers of "days since".
if it's 1 or 2 days, the emotion is in the green light, meaning it's okay.
if it's above 3, the emotion becomes yellow/orange meaning that creating that emotion/memory should be a priority because it's been a few days.
the weeks where all my trackers are in green light, are awesome weeks.
i feel great.
just wanted to share that technique.
if somebody wants to try, i can share the google sheet (with the built-in formulas) so you can replicate.
have a good dayps : images attached
hi all.
thought you might like this blog and video on (easy) gratitude for improved mood and well-being.
i was fortunate to interview an expert on gratitude, prof.
paul mills, for the blog and video.
hope it helps in your happiness journey.
:)[
we think that change is a choice.
we think change is in our control.
change happens.
if we like it or not.
we are constantly changing everyday moment, every second, every minute, every hour which ultimately will lead to every day, every week, month, year and so on.
our life in the past 9 months has been filled of unprecedented times, chaos but has allowed us to be given a sense of time to sit with ourself, sit in solidarity.
these past months have been filled with lots of highs and lots of downs.
we must sit in it all.
we must focus on our passions, on our crafts, on what we have been given to feel and resonate with.
we all have different things inside of us, different likes, dislikes, attributes, characteristics, insecurities, struggles, strengths, things that make us happy etc.
we are all unique.
we are all 1 of 1. we are all sacred.
for every moment we are given we have to realize that we must be thankful and grateful for it.
this analogy always creates a sort of confuzzle inside of me.
the sense of only living for today as if this is the only day i have but as well as that our life is long &amp; that we will live for another 30, 40, 50, 60 years etc.
do something today that makes you feel alive, if you don't know what that is, well sit present for a few moments and allow it to come to you; it will come.
these times have been difficult.
these times have been challenging, but with challenges comes growth.
with things that question our comfort zones, that question everything we have always known comes a realignment, naturally and organically.
it all takes time and i am grateful for the time that it takes, even if sometimes i want to get there already (my dysphoria &amp; transitioning).
we will get to where we want to go but most of the time, it will be better than what we set out to achieve and that we expect that we will achieve.
keep doing your best.
today, tomorrow and for the rest of the week until the end of the year.
work your hardest and leave it all on the field.
i wish you well.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
trying.
if something isn't working, try somewhere else.
there are always other options to share.
there is no point in waiting "to catch on".
their is brighter waiting for you.
december 21. we have shifted.
for good.
it is our time.
our time to end the year in the strongest way we have in our life.
if you need rest, give yourself rest.
if you want to start working on something come january, write them down now.
if you are going hard until the hard year, keep on the gas.
it will all pay off.
we are all different.
we must remember that.
the skies are grey out today and thats ok, another chance to find the sunshine inside, even for just a moment, if so, we have won today.
a moment where we sit there and say thank you for life, for what we have been given and for what we have.
its so easy to think in the future and what we want; yes, its good to set goals, to set intentions but everything is only available for what is who you are now.
living as a trans person, there are many times throughout each day that make me think, why?
who am i?
why is it difficult to be understood?
i have learned in the recent days that the only person that needs to understand us, is our oneself.
isn't that beautiful though?
out of close to 8 billion people in the world, we are the only ones that truly know who we truly are.
thats pretty beautiful to me.
of course these realizations have taken me my whole life and i am constantly connecting with it more and more each day.
emotional intelligence &amp; resilience.
knowing that everything we are enduring and that we are living through is for our highest and greatest self.
take the goods, the bad's and the uglies and use them to your advantage.
it is meant for you in this present moment but even that will pass.
i know it.
we are divine.
together, separately.
today: give yourself a hug and say out loud "i can", because i know you can.
wishing you well.
oh ya and go listen to my new podcast on resilience.
episode 12. here are a few links for them.
spotify: [apple podcasts: [google podcasts: [
it takes time.
growing up as a "cis", i always thought that my life was figured out.
i thought that this is how i am and the things i felt; body dysphoria, gender dysphoria, sexuality, which some i didn't even know what they were at the time, were all things i can learn out of.
i always thought that eventually i would become "normal", whatever that means........  it took 22 and a half years until one night on a walk without any expectations of it happening, saying out loud "i'm trans".
wow, what a mix and rush of emotions.
it felt good, it made me feel down (thinking of other peoples opinions) &amp; everything in between.
well now, i am here saying i am proud to be trans.
it makes me feel finally at home in my body.
 it makes me feel finally understood by myself why i have felt and experienced all the things i have since such a young age of 15 years.
8 years later, here, i am.
the journey and the road for anyone; trans, non-binary, gender conforming, gay, bi, lesbian, straight, cis etc., is a difficult and challenging road, with many ups, many downs, many hardships and everything in between.
we must continue to celebrate ourselves which ultimately allow us to celebrate each other.
i was thinking about this blog post last night when  i was in the shower.
thinking how meaningful our lives, our souls, our spirits, our beings, our bodies really are.
i know the world is still learning and coming to terms with it, but the way that we can have an impact, is by being our true and authentic self.
i just want to make things clear as well, i am sitting and writing this all, but i still struggle everyday.
struggle with living my full truth, waiting for my time to receive my estrogen pills and testosterone blockers, i still struggle with gender and body dysphoria but what i have learned and become to accept, is that even though this is who i am right now, this is not who i will be forever.
with every moment, second, minute, hour, day, week, month........we get closer to living our true authentic divine sacred selves.
it takes time but its all worth it.
i love you.
drey &lt;3&amp;#x200b;
in the past few months, there has been moments of ups, moments of downs; moments that made me pause, moments that have made me work hard.
in all of those moments i have been forced to realize that with everything day, the best i can do is that in itself.
what is this mindset that we have been conditioned to think we always have to be working?
why do we think this way?
we must live in this present moment as if this is our only day, but as well as continue to have that mindset that our life is long, difficult, i know, i am right there with you.
even when we do our best, what will come from that will usually be much different than our expectations.
we can create goals, set intentions, but god and the universe will always guide us to something better.
it is all for our best self, all for our highest self.
the life of being an entrepreneur definitely is bliss but with that, comes many struggles and different things that you have to make sure you make yourself accountable for.
accountability is the only way that we can continue to move forward, in this present moment.
a few things that help me everyday to maintain presence is spending time in nature, meditation, journaling, painting, trying something new, playing video games and reading new context.
today: give yourself a hug.
tell yourself you are enough. "
i am enough ".
sending you health and happiness on your journey today.
i love you.
drey &lt;3 &amp;#x200b;
if you’ve ever been in a place where you’re feeling low or life just feels like a grind, you might have asked the question, what is it all about?
there’s no shortage of influencers who want to provide you with answers, especially on tv or social media.
they’ll tell you through their words or actions that you need to be richer, more successful or attractive, have kids or be in a relationship.
but lets take a step back and think about what the meaning of life is in two categories.
the first is making ourselves happy, very few people would pick something that is designed to make them miserable; the second is being part of something bigger than ourselves.
from a mindfulness perspective, both of these are actually very easy to answer.
when we think about what we want for ourselves, we tend to think of the outside conditions we desire for our lives to have meaning.
that might be achieving something in our careers, or getting some kind of recognition.
but this is a bit like watching a 2 hour movie for one interesting minute towards the end or travelling for 24 hours to spend an afternoon in new zealand.
what about before and after that fleeting moment of happiness - we can spend our whole lives grinding towards some purpose without actually being happy in the here and now.
so our conclusion might be that the meaning of life is to be happy in each moment.
how do we do this?
the answer is to let go of the future and the past, enjoy the feeling of being alive, enjoy what is right in front of us.
our friends, our family, our breath, our body, the food we eat, the chair you’re sitting on, our thoughts, our feelings, the sunshine and the clouds, being present with whatever we’re experiencing.
to shorten it down, from a mindfulness perspective, the meaning of life is to be.
this also applies to having a purpose greater than ourselves.
the need that we have as humans to be part of something greater than ourselves comes from our altruism, the desire as a species to help and make each other happy.
the best way we can do this is through the practice of compassion for those who are suffering.
we don’t need to be part of doctors without borders to do this, we can make it happen every day by building our practice, developing our calmness, training our awareness.
when we’re calm and present, we become more aware of the suffering of other people and we feel compelled to act.
when we’re present we really connect with other people and start to work together to make the work a better place.
in other words, to make ourselves happy and to make the world a better place the meaning of life is to be, to be present with what we’re experiencing in the present moment.
[listen on apple podcasts]([listen on google podcasts]([listen on spotify]([other ways to listen](
wake up.
new day.
starting for you.
this moment is new.
say thank you for being allowed to wake up.
everyday is different.
everyday can be filled with trying new things, focusing on tasks at hand, projects, passions, crafts and hobbies.
choose for you with our year wrapping up, we still have lots of time to realign and work hard.
sore throat.
waking up this morning i have a sore throat and thats ok.
i will be doing what i can for myself to improve that.
the only thing i can do is my best.
sending you love and light.
give yourself a moment right now to stop and think; what do you want to do before the year switches over?
i hope you have been practicing more time for you with the past weeks and with the huge shift coming on the 21st.
3d to 5d.
do research if you are unsure what that means.
its our time for us to all come together, to be one with each other with love, care and support; rather than ego, lust and being selfish.
i hope you can move forward with an open heart.
start every morning differently.
change habits, release getting too stuck in the same order of the same thing.
life is about radical goal setting, its about radical actions, its about radical learning.
growth is not linear, growth is not a straight line; release being caught up in that thought.
yesterday, was the first time i had alcohol in 3 weeks for the celebration of life.
in the moment i thought to myself "hmmm am i going to be firm about my sobriety that i am going to miss a celebration that is only once a year?
", i decided to celebrate.
i am proud of that decision.
we must not get too caught up in our own selfish needs, only once in a blue moon; be firm, about them but realize that is ok, 364 more days to focus on ourselves.
today: get outside.
get fresh air into those beautiful lungs of yours.
let the sun shine into your soul, spirit, being and body.
i love you.
drey &lt;3&amp;#x200b;
it takes time.
its about learning.
its about doing our best.
that in itself is the most we can do.
everyone makes "mistakes".
everyone has moments that they act in, but reminisce on once that moment is over, we can't dwell and begin to regret our action, we must feel how we feel, watch our thoughts and move forward.
next time, do better.
it will bug you, it will make you feel indifferent, it will allow you to feel uncomfortable, but remember thats where growth is.
growth is always in the moments of hardships, pain, sadness, things that we don't expect but can not change since its already happened.
i have had many moments that after i do something i'm like "oh, i did that", feeling embarrassed for a brief second, but knowing this is all for my highest purpose.
everything is for our highest selfs.
it takes time and is always on divine timing.
the way each of our paths and lives are different, unique, original.
2:22. right place, right time.
its snowing, its cold outside, the seasons have changed right before our eyes, we must stay focused.
focused on our mental health, our wellbeing, our crafts, our passions and our divine path.
life is about trial and learning, rather than what we have been conditioned to saying "trial and error", it is only an error if we do not learn from the action that we have done, next time.
we can conquer this winter together.
we can conquer seasonal affective disorder together.
together, separately.
we will.
we have.
i love you.
drey &lt;3&amp;#x200b;
&amp;#x200b;[
lately with everything going on in the world, i've been reflecting on what are some of the most important things that makes life truly special.
for me at least i believe that some our greatest joys all start from being curious, whether it be in our relationships, in our education, or in our hobbies.
the thought of growing older and losing this curiosity seems to bother me, since without it, i think life would feel dull and meaningless.
we wouldn't have much of a desire to understand the workings of ourselves and environment.
so i made a small piece linked below if anyone is interested on exploring the origins of curiosity and my perspective on the topic.
thank you again for reading this and hope everyone has a great day.
in the buddhist tradition, desire is seen as the root of all suffering - when we’re dissatisfied with our lives its because we’re attached to the idea that something better is out there that we don’t have.
one of the reasons social media is bad for our mental health is because it feeds us a kind of highlight reel of other people’s lives and accomplishments, which increases our desire and unhappiness.
we also get too used to normal, leaving us blind to the good things right in front of us.
so you might look at gratitude as being the antidote to that sense of dissatisfaction.
we can be grateful for the important things like the people we love or our health, but it makes even more difference to take joy in the small things in our world .
this might be sitting down in a comfortable chair, walking in the park or when you see a bird land in the garden.
if you train your awareness regularly through meditation you can be more attuned to these small moments of happiness.
to really kick it up a notch and get the happy juices flowing, you can practice mindful gratitude for the normal, everyday, mundane stuff we usually don’t notice.
thich nhat hanh illustrates this with a toothache - if you’ve ever had one you know how painful it is and you’re aware of it all the time.
you’d give anything just to go back to normal again, that feeling of not having a toothache.
once you go to the dentist and get it sorted out the relief is incredible and normal feels amazing - in mindfulness we call feeling that our non-toothache, the enjoyment and gratitude for simply being alive.
we can feel this for our inbreath and outbreath, you can enjoy your posture, you can enjoy the feeling of your heart beating.
when you get into the practice of enjoying the small things and the normal things, that’s walking the path of happiness.
there is no path to happiness, happiness is the path.
[listen on apple podcasts]([listen on google podcasts]([listen on spotify]([other ways to listen](
meditation, a path to peace - jeremy hughes interview[today i interview jeremy d hughes.
jeremy is a spiritual teacher, a yogi, author, speaker and entrepreneur.
today we will be discussing happiness, meditation and the journey of realisation… jeremy also shares with us his story and his travels to the himalayas and his study and practise under the guidance of spiritual masters.
he explains 3 steps we can take to become closer to our authentic self and discover the happiness we all wish for.
\#jeremyhughes #meditation #spirituality  #happinessnow #interview
if you're currently dealing with negative thoughts, and it's making you depressed.
i completely understand; i've been there myself.
fighting against negative thoughts every day gets annoying.
if you're currently are feeling unhappy, depressed, alone, sad, or maybe hate life.
this video will show you the way to become more appreciated and happier in your life.
no more feeling unhappy, depressed, alone, sad, and hating life to loving who you are, happy, filled with great friends around you.
meditation, a path to peace - jeremy hughes interview[today i interview jeremy d hughes.
jeremy is a spiritual teacher, a yogi, author, speaker and entrepreneur.
today we will be discussing happiness, meditation and the journey of realisation… jeremy also shares with us his story and his travels to the himalayas and his study and practise under the guidance of spiritual masters.
he explains 3 steps we can take to become closer to our authentic self and discover the happiness we all wish for.
\#jeremyhughes #meditation #spirituality  #happinessnow #interview
meditation, a path to peace - jeremy hughes interview[today i interview jeremy d hughes.
jeremy is a spiritual teacher, a yogi, author, speaker and entrepreneur.
today we will be discussing happiness, meditation and the journey of realisation… jeremy also shares with us his story and his travels to the himalayas and his study and practise under the guidance of spiritual masters.
he explains 3 steps we can take to become closer to our authentic self and discover the happiness we all wish for.
\#jeremyhughes #meditation #spirituality  #happinessnow #interview
meditation, a path to peace - jeremy hughes interview[today i interview jeremy d hughes.
jeremy is a spiritual teacher, a yogi, author, speaker and entrepreneur.
today we will be discussing happiness, meditation and the journey of realisation… jeremy also shares with us his story and his travels to the himalayas and his study and practise under the guidance of spiritual masters.
he explains 3 steps we can take to become closer to our authentic self and discover the happiness we all wish for.
\#jeremyhughes #meditation #spirituality  #happinessnow #interview
what is better to use “live happy” or “live happily”
compassion is something we find easy when we think of someone we love.
but what about someone you find annoying or don’t like?
if you think about someone you’ve met who wasn’t very nice to you, or someone that was rude or did something you didn’t agree with, you might ask the question why would you feel compassion for someone who behaves this way.
the importance of compassion isn’t only to relieve suffering and make the world a better place, it’s free yourself from your own suffering - your sadness, your anxiety and particularly your anger.
when see the suffering of others in their behaviour it helps to reduce your own resentments.
but where we can really struggle is feeling compassion towards ourselves; when we’re suffering we sometimes punish ourselves more for not being good enough.
compassion begins with yourself - when you let go of the idea of who you think you need to be and accept yourself as you are it’s an act of kindness that allows you to start to let go of suffering.
[listen on apple podcasts]([listen on google podcasts]([listen on spotify]([other ways to listen](
hey,i´m 100% sure that we all agree on the fact that the reddit chat groups are not working the way we would like.
but groups can be very useful, right?
especially in these times with the virus.
so to prevent people from feeling isolated and lonely, and to make a new (working) group chat, i created the discord server called the community of love.
there are a couple of text channels and you will also be able to download an ebook for free.
and there will also be a link via which you can send me your question, so that you never have to feel lonely again when you have a question.
[click here to join the the community of love]( and along with that.
the happiness text group(for all the people who are going to complain because of self promo; i am not seeking profit, upvotes, likes, attention, etc.
my goal is to help people, to spread love and awareness.
i answer questions for free, i wrote an ebook for free, you will get a meditation course for free, the discord server is for free.
so instead of complaining and spreading negative energy, you can also be quiet, or upvote so that i can try to help people)much love people
:)
how?
to explain i have made a quick video.
do you know anyone who could use more happiness at this time?
just share it with them... [
today i thought to myself that if i'm trying to be happy, i must not be happy.
so i just stopped trying and read a few articles on the idea and felt a lot happier and more content.
admitting to myself that i wasn't happy was a big relief.
and now it's like, today, i am happy.
which is a huge weight off my shoulders.
suddenly all these stresses i have are becoming a lot less significant.
we go through our world, so used to making the same choices again and again, that it becomes very difficult to change things when we’re unhappy.
but if we train ourselves to stop regularly, to be present and consciously make good choices rather than being on autopilot we can transform our suffering.
a bit of regular practice like a guided meditation is important - but you can also stop for a moment a few times through the day,  notice your breath, become aware of what you can feel in your body, what you’re thinking and feeling.
training yourself in this way helps to raise awareness of the choices we have.
in mindfulness we call the decisions we make ‘watering the seeds’.
these everyday choices can contribute to our anger, our happiness, our fear - just in the same way that if you choose to water certain plants in your garden, you’re choosing what your future garden looks like.
being aware of decisions and prioritising your wellbeing as the most important factor makes a huge difference over time.
peace in oneself, peace in the world.
[listen on apple podcasts]([listen on google podcasts]([listen on spotify]([other ways to listen](
if you feel sad when you are facing the negativity, then don't forget that there is nothing wrong with feeling sad.
since birth we hear sentences like ¨i want you to be happy.¨ very lovely sentences, but also thanks to these sentences people start to feel even more sad when they feel sad because they get a feeling of failure.
so don't feel sad about having a sad feeling.
there is nothing wrong with feeling sad.
remember, you know positivity because of negativity.
originally from the [free yourself ebook](
your ideas of happiness can also be a reason for your bad habits / addictions.
maybe your ideas of happiness are the reason why you are not happy.
because when you have an idea of happiness you will only feel happy when the idea becomes reality.
without an idea of happiness you can see happiness in everything.
so if you have a lot of ideas of happiness i would also recommend to write down all these ideas on a piece of paper.
now you have written down everything, let everything go.
again i would recommend meditation as a tool to let things go.
originally from the [free yourself ebook](
&amp;#x200b; just when you thought things were going to get better, the pandemic surged, causing yet again a slew of restrictions right in time for the holidays.
no, really?!
it feels like 2020 can’t find its joy, not even a tiny sparkle of happiness, nothing to light up the holidays.
no family get-togethers, endless zoom encounters, restless/moody children and no weekend escapes somewhere maskless and free.
which leaves many of us depressed, lonely, getting crankier by the day, and wondering if we shouldn’t just nix the holidays and pull a rip van winkle until some time next year.
so go look at a collection of cute animals on the web.
truly!
i don’t care whether you’re a sappy sentimental sort or a macho man/woman who wouldn’t dream of a moment of soft-furry-cuddle imaginings.
go look at an assortment of cute animals.
recent research out of the [university of leeds]( in the united kingdom, in partnership with western australia tourism, has shown that watching 30 minutes worth of pictures and videos of cute animals has tremendous positive impact on our health and mental well-being.
you don’t even have to own a pet or befriend one “live.” the virtual version works just fine.
who would have thought it possible?
all this time you thought those cute animal pics and internet videos were for children and bored web surfers.
not.
they’re for you!
viewing them actually reduces your blood pressure, evens out your heart rate and lowers your anxiety.
the researchers reported that average blood pressure dropped from 136/88 to 115/71, which is considered to be within ideal blood pressure range.
average heart rates lowered to 67.4 bpm, a reduction of 6.5%.
best of all (in my view), anxiety rates dropped on average 35%.
this is hard science, measurable facts, not wishful thinking.
the added benefit is that viewing cute critters has none of those pesky side effects you might risk from anxiety-reducing pharmaceuticals (prescription or other).
so give yourself a unique present this holiday season.
and if you feel so inclined, invite a friend or loved one to share the joy.
ditch netflix (temporarily) and snuggle into the couch for a nice session of “cute-animal viewing.” your body and mind will thank you.
that's pretty much it, i just got a flood o happy i haven't felt in a while hahaha.
now i got give it 5-10 min to respond to seem cool and chill and definetly not desperate hahahah
&amp;#x200b;derlin newey, at 89, had no idea that his papa john's pizza delivery job would deliver him $12,000--and a customized t-shirt.
derlin’s unfailing kindness and upbeat manner so impressed the valdez family (regular customers), that they recorded his deliveries and shared them on tiktok.
soon, the videos attracted an impressive following.
people began asking why derlin, an obvious senior, was delivering pizzas at his age.
apparently, derlin worked an average of 30 hours a week at papa john’s to supplement his social security income.
the valdez family figured that derlin could probably use some financial help, and so asked for donations from its “tiktok family."
in short order, the valdez family was able to present derlin with a $12,000 check, to his complete astonishment.
along with derlin's amazing spirit, the valdez family certainly qualify as “amazings-in-the-making."
if you have kids/nieces/nephews you might have seen a baby suddenly become aware of their hand.
they look at the palm, they look at the fingers, then they turn it over and realise there’s a back of the hand.
and if they tell the fingers to move, it they wiggle!
they laugh and laugh until the next experience comes along.
that’s what beginners mind is - approaching the world without assumptions, without judgement, without an idea in our heads for how things ought to be - just observing, accepting, feeling gratitude and joy.
when we apply beginners mind to our loved ones, our environment and our work/studies we have a deeper appreciation for what we have and can live happier lives.
its also helpful to apply beginners mind to ourselves, particularly if we have problems with self esteem - we sometimes judge ourselves harshly and are not kind when we look in the mirror.
by focusing our awareness in our body, noticing what we're experiencing, accepting ourselves and practicing non-judgement we can learn to appreciate what we have and be kind to ourselves.a body scan is a great way to do this, and it has the added bonus of releasing tension and giving us a sense of peace.
[listen on apple podcasts]([listen on google podcasts]([listen on spotify]([other ways to listen](
i've known this girl for about a year.
a few months back i told her i was bi and found out she was lesbian.
i developed a crush on her and today i asked her out, she said yes and i was so happy and we both cried.
this proves that 2020 can have good times and not just bad
at 10:30 pm it doesn't get much better than this!
&amp;#x200b;alice lawson, at 97, could be lamenting this pandemic, which has challenged her as it has us all.
instead, she maintains an inspiring attitude of gratitude for all that is going well.
no stranger to difficult times, alice lived through wwii in liege, belgium.
she and her family put together food baskets and delivered them to basements where people persecuted by the nazis were hiding.
alice became a nurse, and soon, fell in love with an american soldier and settled in rural alabama.
alice learned a whole new culture in addition to a whole new language.
not only did alice survive and thrive, she kept her upbeat approach to life through it all: to always be grateful for life and all it offers.
i’m slowly starting to accept the fact that i need to not care about what others think about me.
all i need to do is figure out what makes me happy, and do what makes me happy.
i realized/realizing that i’m doing things for people and not myself.
i guess what i’m trying to say is i just want people to like me.
so i try to change my self for those certain people.
i still really haven’t figured it all out yet though.
if you think about what you need to be happy, you might think about achieving something in your career, or a relationship, or something you own.
all of these things have something in common - they're conditions for happiness.
as human beings we naturally get attached to goals and the status quo.
the bad news is that not everything in our career goes as we would like, relationships can end, possessions break and are lost.
the good news is that you can enjoy what you have right now and be happy, even if the only thing that you possess is the ability to breathe in and out.
by letting go of our attachment to things that we believe we need to be happy we can actually live calmer, happier lives.
of course its great to enjoy the things we own, the people we love and our work - but accepting that life will change and that we don't need external conditions for happiness reduces the suffering we feel when things don't go as we hope.
[listen on apple podcasts]([listen on google podcasts]([listen on spotify]([other ways to listen](
happiness is often confused with being the goal in life.
from an evolutionary perspective happiness was a byproduct of choices we made that activated the reward centre in our brain.
a byproduct, not the goal.
if we are just animals, made up of the same stuff that makes up the rest of nature and reality then we can ask the question: what does reality want and what is it trying to achieve...if we are it.
if we are reality and nature, and not aliens placed here from heaven or an accident apart from the rest of nature... if we are it then we can look at nature and see what it’s doing, because maybe the rest of nature is doing a damn better job at it than we are.
and what is it.
it’s balance.
we’re looking to align the dissonance in our head with reality, we just don’t know it.
when we look to comfort and distractions from what really matters we get a short term relief from our dissonance.
that’s why we turn to all sorts of distractions and procrastinations.
so what really matters then?
how do we achieve balance.
we achieve it by aligning our choices with reality.
and our choices are dictated by our core value.
and if we realize that logic will bring more comfort and balance than our quick fix we can quickly achieve peace of mind.
this is because whats logical is our interpretation of the consistent patterns we see in our reality and nature.
so getting happiness is by doing whatever makes sense and aligns with the logical patterns of our reality.
and then all these other things like happiness (the by-product) will come.
this is because  you’ll finally get the existential balance you’ve been craving but you just didn’t know it.
align your choices with the best thing to do according to your circumstances.
“but seek first his kingdom and his righteousness, and all these things will be added to you.”seek what’s logical, what makes sense, do what’s right, do the best thing at any given moment and you’ll get happiness in a way.
true happiness that lasts.
because what you really want is not happiness,but peace of mind by doing what makes works with reality.
maybe your comfort source and distractions have worked in the past to achieve your balance.
but you have to realize that it’s doing more damage than good if it doesn’t align with reality and what we are here for.
and we know this by looking at our evolution.
there we realize that happiness is a byproduct not the goal of life.
[happy?
](
 happy monday, wonderful people!
this is a happy monday recipe from milla, running realtor ;) :love this apple &amp; blueberry pie that i made my way: healthy!!
very simple: a dough ball (make yourself or buy ready at the supermarket, apples, blueberries, cinnamon, xylitol, coconut butter - all in!
10 min prep / 29 min bake.
yummy!
[happy monday recipe from milla - love this apple &amp; blueberry pie](
does god inspire you?
- poet, stephen pepper interview[today i interview stephen pepper from the youtube channel (ministry of poetry).
here stephen explains how he finds inspiration for writing his poems, how he enters the flow state and how we all can apply this flow state into our lives.
his creativity and inspiration he believes arise from his faith in god, he explains how poetry like many others expressions of self arises from the divine, god - whatever our faith or if we do not believe in god, we all can master the art of creativity -we also discuss, religion, spirituality, how to bring meaning to our lives &amp; near-death experiences and how this unveils a greater depth to our life, our being, our existence….
\#ministryofpoetry #happinessnow #interview #poetry
hi all, i just finished this book .. read it if you want to learn how to be happier... specially the last chapter.
please post other books that helps us be happier :)
 “i’m not good enough”, “i’m not smart”, “life is hard”, “i’m not loved”, “what if i fail?”, we all have those kind of voices in our head running constantly throughout our life.
the problem with them, is it’s impossible to stop them, no matter how you try, the more you do, the more they become stronger.
using your willpower is not going to solve the problem either, because those thoughts stems from the subconscious mind, that represents 95% of our brain.
you may be saying that it’s impossible to dispel those nagging voices, but that’s the problem of what most people do.
instead of doing that, i’m going to share 3 powerful strategies that i do every single day to cope with negative self-talk, to always have a sense of control of my life.
1.practice positive affirmationspositive affirmations is one the easiest way to disturb the negative voices in your head.
words have a lot power to affect the energy level of the material world.
when you say them with emotional intensity, using your body, all you’re doing is disruption the old belief system that you’ve brought up with.
but if you want this technique to work, you need to show consistency, and persistence.
you can’t you disrupt your entire belief system in 1 week or two.
good things take time.
have faith, and have believe, you’ll notice a change on your attitude, your behaviors, and the way how you interact with others.
if you’re running out of what to say, you can access bellow to a list of 100 positive affirmations:2.cutlivate a positive thinkingone of the ways to cope with negative self-talk, is to nurture a positive view of the world around you.
the biggest mistakes that most of us do, is we try to eliminate a bad habit for example, but we don’t plan to replace with a good habit, and this is why most of us fail at coping with negative things.
our mind dislike emptiness.
the key to apply what i call the add-on principle.
the trick is to bombard your mind with activities that will bring you positivity in your life like reading, instructional books, doing the self-development, and slowly you’ll notice your inner voice start to change.
3. change your social environmentlook, you can’t live a positive life, and hanging out, or being around with negative people.
it doesn’t go together.
most people are blaming how life sucks, how the government sucks, throwing all excuses around, contaminating other people, and if you still close to them, you will be contaminated too.
and what does, they start conforming that all the negative thoughts are real, so they start becoming bigger, crippling you from living the kind of life you want to live.
faith, dance and happiness with delisa branch nealy[today i interview delisa branch nealy.
she is the director of the kumusha foundation, she is a global impact creator and creator of the facebook group (purifying your spirit).
in this interview, delisa tells us of her faith in god and the spiritual path she finds happiness in, also her joyous devotion to dance.
also, delisa talks of the connection between health &amp; water, specifically drinking alkaline water.
please enjoy: (faith, dance and happiness with delisa branch nealy).
\#delisabranchnealy #kumushafoundation #dance #interview #happinessnow
the truth caster interview with brother eli soriano[today i interview brother eli soriano.
he is philippine’s multi-awarded and most popular tv-evangelist.
he is the overall servant of the members of the (church of god international).
his program ang dating daan (the old path) is the longest-running religious program in the philippines and has won numerous awards as the most informative religious program in the nation.
brother eli is also known for his fierce and straight-forward preaching, he insists the bible and the truth should be preached for free and that the teachings of jesus christ should be available to all - and that preachers should not profit from sharing the bible scriptures.
we also discuss the problem of poverty we witness in this world and how we can work towards a world where all are treated equally!
\#brotherelisoriano #interview #happinessnow #thuthcaster
&amp;#x200b;thelma schoonmaker, at 80, received her eighth academy award nomination for “best film editing,” this time for “the irishman,” yet another of the martin scorsese films she has edited.
she's edited all of his films since “raging bull” in 1967, for which she received not just a nomination, but an oscar itself.
her first.
she’s totaled three so far.
thelma relishes the opportunity her work affords her to help shape the final product, to give the movie the “rhythm and pace” that contribute significantly to the overall impact on audiences.
storytelling has changed over the decades, and accordingly, film editors must figure out how to engage movie-goers in new and different ways.
clearly, age has in no way diminished thelma’s creativity or artistry.
hello everyone !
i just started my youtube channel about happiness and positive mindset.
i hope you will come and take a look!!
enjoy !
with everything going on in the world today, sometimes it can be challenging to remain positive.
it is important to remember that our mindset can determine our own personal reality.
when i need a source for inspiration when i feel my negative thoughts beginning to overpower my positive ones, i often turn to inspiring articles or quotes.
[this]( is an interesting one i recently found that comes from an old cherokee story.
if anyone has any stories they'd like to share, i would love to see them!
&amp;#x200b;a friend of mine broke her upper arm recently.
considering she’s a massage therapist who’s been out of work on and off all year due to covid, plus having a hastily re-organized virtual wedding as opposed to the long planned-for wedding of her dreams, along with the death of her beloved grandmother, this was just one more “yikes” she has had to deal with.
she feels like she’s been tossed around like a rag doll by events.
nothing like the calm, ordered, happy life she’s experienced most of her adulthood.
heaven knows, she’s not alone.
so much is going on these days that challenge us: the political scene, the pandemic and all its economic consequences, yet more fires and hurricanes, not to mention friends/family with covid or other illnesses and injuries.
it’s easy to slide into negativity, into hopelessness and despair.
even with the best positive attitude in the world, these are trying times.
what to do?
decide.
 in other words, when you feel yourself sliding into negativity, into gloom and depression, decide.
be conscious, not knee-jerk reactionary unconscious.
it’s beneath you.
instead, summon up your inner captain marvel, and take a stand for the forces of good.
your good!
yes, set a timer for 20 minutes and allow yourself to rant, weep or whatever you do when in the throes of “it’s not fair.” i usually put the dogs outside (otherwise they’d try to comfort me and i’m not up for that yet), and then abuse umpteen pages of paper with scrawled histrionics.
but once that timer dings, you’re done!
figure out what you can do to either make yourself feel better or make the situation better.
get creative.
you are a powerful human being with far more resources (inner and outer) than we generally give ourselves credit for.
get mindful.
focus on one thing at a time and give it your complete, undivided attention.
decide that you are going to get through this, that you deserve to give yourself the best of yourself, and that’s your “can do,” “always a way” self.
decide or slide.
the choice is yours.
hello everyone,  i just started my youtube channel with lots of videos meant to make you happy and relaxed.
hope you will come check it out!
today i make a promise to do everything in my power to bring out the real me, the authentic me, do everything in my power to be happy and fulfilled and follow my bliss.
within the next 14 days, i intend on making a drastic shift in my inner state and circumstances.
i'm going to rise above my mind and be guided by my higher mind.
i promise to leave no stone unturned in this process- i now if i turn out to be a success story i can inspire others suffering from depression.
i am only going to listen to my inner voice and tune out this world.
with my success even if i manage to inspire one person to come out of depression, my job here will be done.
gretchen rubin, author of "happier at home" and "the happiness project", talks about the role of making and breaking habits in happiness engineering.
if you're in perfect health, you're in the minority: less than 5 percent of people worldwide had no health problems in 2013,
i am a psychology student from university of toronto scarborough looking for individuals to interview about two events that happened in your life that motivated you to change or achieve a certain goal for your happiness.
if you are interesting send me a message and i will get back to you as soon as possible.
hey, i’m bentley, and i am a certified professional life coach.
life coaching is a partnership where we both tackle your goals, together!
if you’re trying to find some purpose in life, or feel lost or stuck, or lacking success, or trying to open or close another chapter in life, or even just be happier - i work with you to meet and exceed those goals!
every goal comes with obstacles, so it will take some effort to make it happen - but we will!
some of you already know me pretty well, but i’d love to hear from y’all, so throw me a message or chat and let’s start some intro sessions!
meanwhile- visit my profile for more info.
let’s connect!
would you rather a job you love but were poor or a job that made you rich but hated it?
nigel green
does anyone else feel that it's impossible to feel extended sadness?
i was interested in the extended sadness topic (depression) cos my friend got divorced, but my friend has since been doing better and is on the riseso i'm happy about that ofci made a few posts on the extended sadness sites  on reddit (like the depression ones) in the past, but i think i deleted them cos they weren't important.
this  extended sadness topic has been an entirely closed topic since.
i just got bored with it&amp;#x200b;are there anyone here where this secret to perfect happiness does not work for them?
1. you want to be happy2. you have a basic understanding of human psychology, and/or life3. your extended sadness is not genetic like most ppl are notyou got tired of being sadthat's it.
simple.
none more complicated than that&amp;#x200b;i watched this best ted talk on the extended sadness topic to see if it would affect me.
in the past it'd make me feel sad (with moments of joy cos there are some funny comments) cos when you think sad things, you become sad but when you think happy things, you are pleased, and overwhelmed with delightbasic human psychologythis  best ted talk on the extended sadness topic has absolutely 0 impact / effect on me anymore.
i'm immune to extended sadnessi'm fine[&amp;#x200b;i'd be incredibly surprised if this secret to perfect happiness does not work for anyone else, just these 3 things  above, at the minimumi'd be so incredibly confused if anyone could prove that they had these 3, and yet still had extended sadness.
that would be humanely impossible.
that would be like saying gravity doesn't exist on earth, what.. if anyone had just these 3, they're set for lifei was going to include a bunch more, but then i thought about it, and anyone won't need more than just these 3. they don't even need to have their life goal, that's just a bonus to look forward to =)does anyone else feel that it's impossible to feel extended sadness?
hi ,i am doing an anonymous survey on happiness to better understand others and their thoughts,circumstances and happiness.
please also do share it around with your friends.
please do answer it at your convenience: [regards,manu
i have suffered from depression for 15 years and i feel like i want to come out of it and experience life.
i just need someone to be my cheerleader, someone who can act as a mentor and be there for me.
if anyone's interested, please let me know.
 how do we find more joy in our life?
like anything else, it takes practice to cultivate ongoing happiness.
in a sense, we have to reset our baseline.
it won't happen overnight, but here are the top 7 things you can do every day to discover the secrets of being happier.
1. focus on the positive.
to find long-term happiness, you need to retrain your brain from a negative mindset to a positive mindset.
try these things: spend[ ]( to two minutes looking for positives in your life.
do this three times a day for 45 days, and your brain will start doing it automatically.
choose a positive mantra for the day -- something you will repeat to yourself, such as “today is beautiful” or “i feel grateful for all i have.” and when things go south, take a moment to try and see it from a positive light.
never underestimate the importance of recognizing the silver linings in life.
2. celebrate little victories.
life is full of ups and downs, but in between we have a lot of little victories that go unnoticed.
take a moment to celebrate these small wins.
did you check off all the things on your to-do list that you’ve been procrastinating on?
yay!
did you finally clear out a thousand emails that have been filling up your inbox?
woohoo!
take pleasure in these little achievements.
they add up!
3. find your work–life balance.
work takes up a lot of our day, but it shouldn’t be the only thing we do.
it’s important to pursue activities and interests beyond our job.
do you have a hobby?
are you spending time with friends and loved ones?
are you getting exercise?
creating balance in your life will reduce stress and give you other outlets to express yourself and have fun.
4. practice mindfulness.
mindfulness mediation works by bringing your awareness and attention to the present moment.
it’s about being nonjudgmental and accepting how you are feeling.
practicing mindfulness means being present, aware and curious.
accepting what we are going through decreases stress and helps us see situations for what they are.
through mindfulness, we can find peace and affirmation in ourselves.
5. be creative.
you may think of artists as being moody and depressed, but studies show that engaging in creative activities on a regular basis actually makes you happier.
those who spend time using their imagination and being creative have more enthusiasm and are more likely to have feelings of long-term happiness and well-being.
such creative activities can include writing, painting, drawing and musical performance.
6. accept imperfection.
many of us strive for perfection -- we desire to push ourselves to be our best.
but in order to be truly happy, you must[ ]( the imperfection that is part of life.
perfection is impossible, and holding ourselves and others to these standards is futile.
we will always end up feeling let down.
accept that life is imperfect and recognize that there is beauty and grace in that imperfection.
7. do what you love.
it’s pretty hard to maintain happiness if you hate your job.
don’t waste the best years of your life in a joyless job, even if it’s paying the bills.
what are you interested in?
what are you truly passionate about?
focus on building a career in an area that motivates you and will provide you with a high level of satisfaction, and your happiness factor will go up exponentially.
i walked to the kitchen to fill a bottle with tap water!!
came back to the room and from the open window came the low voice of a bird!
it’s the evening.. it’s sunny and the weather is extremely mild.. not too hot.. a few rays are f the sun managed to slip inside and create a perfect lighting.. the roof of a church, parts of a massive  cedar tree and distant decorative trees with fiery autumn orange and yellow colors could also be seen from the window.. it’s also extremely quite and apart from the birds voice, i could hear the low humming of distant cars passing a few blocks away.. i can’t lie.. i felt really really happy.. it was a very brief moment when i realized that whatever problems i might have, the world is still rolling and birds are still chirping!!!
i can now only remember that very recent but brief moment of happiness.. it happened less than 10 minutes ago.. this might sound weird and i felt like i just communicate that feeling to somebody!
life’s hard right now, and i just hope this song, shine, gives everyone a much-needed dose of optimism and happiness.
watch the video and let me know if it made you smile!
1. don’t touch your smartphone (at least at night)a study published in the journal organizational behavior and human decision found that people who use their cell phones at work after 9 p.m.
feel more pressure the next day than people who carry a smartphone to work the next day.
the reason is simple: processing work and responsibilities before bedtime makes it harder for the brain to shut down and almost impossible to relax in our dreams altogether.
there are more: [get them](
powerful breathwork to connect to happiness - pete warnock interview[today i interview pete warnock, creator of naturally ecstatic, founder of naturally ecstatic breathwork and synergy bodywork.
pete has been healing, teaching and facilitating in the field of personal transformation and awakening since 1992. he is also an energy alchemist and has distilled his life’s experience of therapy, training and self-practice into what he sees to be some of the most powerful tools and techniques for healing, transformation and awakening.
pete’s work is his passion and has come about through exploring a blend of ancient wisdom, traditional and modern therapies and cutting edge science.
please enjoy\#peterwarnock #interview #happinessnow #naturallyecstatic #breathwork
hello, everyone!
could you tell me your story on how you found happiness?
when was the time you said to yourself "i have made it."
looking forward to your positive vibes.
:)
i want to be happy in this crazy world so i don't talk about moon beams with the blind, music with the deaf, and under no circumstances talk about sex with a eunuch, it only pisses them off.
know your true self - kyle hilding interview[today i interview kyle hilding from the youtube channel (the spiritual download).
kyle is a teacher, a writer, a poet and meditation &amp; spiritual mentor not only on youtube but on various social media platforms.
kyle seeking truth from a very young age later acquired a bachelors degree in philosophy.
he explains in this video his story of how he has grown spiritually and how he believes a deeper understanding of our true selves leads to a more peaceful life, a happier life… he also tells us of his book he is working on to be released soon.
\#kylehilding #thespiritualdownload #interview #spirituality #happinessnow
hi guys, this topic is endless, but what makes you happy?
how do you increase your happiness?
i've found that gratitude helps: [view poll](
the realization that life is short and ends in death.
happy headlines!!
onamazon volley[and spotify[
 [
hi, i’m david from nootralize.
we just released a new feature in our nootropics app.
you can now find out if a nootropic is effective for you with the help of scientific tests of cognitive performance and mood.
to get a scientific answer to whether a nootropic is effective for you, do the following:1. find a nootropic that you want to experiment with2. test yourself every day before and when using that nootropic3. get your results (which are calculated with automated statistical analyses)it should take less than 10 minutes spread out over 10 days for you to find out if taking a nootropic for 5 days had an effect for you.
you can try it by signing up for an account here: [we would love any feedback on whether this is useful for you, and whether you felt that it was easy to use.
who am i - overcoming ego and finding happiness - michael james interview / sri bhagavan maharishi[today i interview michael james.
michael is a learned scholar and teacher of bhagavan sri ramana maharshi’s teachings.
the philosophy and practice of the teachings of bhagavan sri ramana maharshi have been taught to many thousands of fortunate students across the world.
michael is the author of 'happiness and the art of being', and writer of hundreds of articles discussing and explaining the teachings of bhagavan.
he explains the foundation of sri ramana’s liberating teachings and gives us pointing instructions on how we can discover a true source of happiness, to understand our real nature, our real self, this is to be found in self-enquiry….he explains - we start by asking the question: ‘who am i’\#bhagavan #sriramana #michaeljames #interview
hey guys, these are weird times for all of us, and i am sure many of you at times feel as lost as i do… maybe it was a coincidence or maybe it was a sent sign that i came across this lovely 7-day program for literally one dollar that helps improve your happiness.
you get one fun challenge a day, that either covers the mental, social or physical aspects of wellbeing.
it has seriously helped me quite a bit to get myself back together and make this tough time more exiting and fun!
i think it would benefit a lot of you guys, so i suggest you check it out!
it’s called happiness for $1 and it’s a very, very small price to pay for what you get!
highly recommend!
&lt;3 oh, and here’s the link: well-you.com/onedollarhappiness
if you have more free time during this quarantine, then you are like most people.
your commute has slipped down from your bed to your desk.
your life has revolved around you, keeping yourself busy while these uncertain times happen all around us.
these are challenging times, and i'm sure that you have caught up on your favorite tv show.
get the most out of these times and become a better you.
if you did not have time to get in shape before, it might be your opportunity to finally get in shape that you have always wanted to get in.
i am jp, head personal trainer from jp fit4life, and i want to help you finally get in the best shape of your life.
whether you are a beginner or have trained for many years, i want to help motivate and empower you to live your happiest and healthiest life.
it's now easier than ever to get in shape as jp fit4life offers virtual or in-person training (masks) based on your preference.
it is also cheaper than ever as we provide a one-on-one virtual recession rate of 50 dollars a week, one on one in-person deal of 100 dollars a week, and a new family price of 1000 dollars a month for training for the whole family.
along with these low rates, we will continue to deliver results to our clients through our up to date, personalized, and detail-orientated plan that is continually growing and improving.
this plan will also include a free consultation and open communication for questions 24/7.
jp fit4life prioritizes your goals and lives by our slogan, "your goals are my goals."
contact 8025226521 or [jakepreddy@gmail.com](mailto:jakepreddy@gmail.com) for more details at any time of day as my line is always open.
a guided meditation to find peace in these times[a guided meditation - the only meditation you will ever need!
this 43-minute meditation is guided by mooji, this meditation i believe is the only meditation you will need to find inner peace and liberation from the sufferings inflicted by the mind.
you will discover in this meditation tranquillity that arises naturally once we still the mind…on a more profound level you will discover that when we question the i identity we strongly cling onto - is the source of all our problems.
mooji skilfully guides you to a place of serenity, your true nature, a place that has no identity, no history, no pain, no future, no goals, no aims or wishes….this meditation will liberate you - practice regularly and you will realise the happiness you have always been looking for is already here and now!
note this invitation meditation - i have edited (43 minutes)  it now has longer gaps for more time to experience the pointings guided by mooji…\#guidedmeditation #mooji #happinessnow
i need help in improving my humour.
i tend to come out as being real serious most of the times.
how should i improve my sense of humour and become a fun to be person.
&amp;#x200b;[jennifer bricker](we all know that just as there are words which uplift and enthrall us, there are words which can hurt and demean us.
but did you know that there is one four-letter word that actually kills?!
no, it’s not that four-letter word, it’s the word “can’t.” the word “can’t” kills dreams, hopes, aspirations, opportunities, love – the list goes on.
“can’t” puts a stop, a halt, an immediate end to all effort, to all forward movement.
“i can’t do that.” “i can’t go there.” “i can’t attract a mate/make friends.” “i can’t get a job/promotion/raise/better position.” “i can’t act/sing/dance/run/play the guitar.” you fill in the blank.
we all have or have had “can’ts” in our lives, always to our detriment.
what would have happened to [jennifer bricker]( if she’d bought into the word “can’t”?
at all of 11 years of age, jennifer placed fourth in power tumbling in the [aau junior olympics]( and at 22, was a featured performer on “britney spears’ circus tour.” before you shake your head and say “what’s the big deal about that,” let me add that jennifer was born without legs.
you read that correctly.
no legs.
zip.
nada.
jennifer became an award-winning gymnast using her buttocks, hips and arms.
she also played baseball and basketball in high school without the benefit of prosthetics or a wheelchair, and was the first handicapped high school tumbling champion in the entire state of illinois.
what led to these remarkable feats?
adoptive parents who simply did not allow jennifer to use the word “can’t.” ever.
nor did they.
her adoptive parents supported and encouraged jennifer in whatever she decided to pursue.
her mantra, learned early on, was “i can.” try it.
eliminate the word “can’t” from your vocabulary and watch what happens.
you can substitute the word “won’t” or the phrase “don’t want to.” both “won’t” or “don’t want to” imply that you’ve made a conscious choice about the matter.
that it’s a matter of personal preference, not a factual impossibility.
which opens up all sorts of new possibilities.
if you say, for example, “i won’t get a job/promotion/raise/better position,” it invariably begs the question “well, why not?” which now obliges you to take a closer look at why you think you won’t – whatever it is.
which can more easily lead to reasons why you could get the job/promotion/raise/better position.
don’t kill your dreams.
you deserve better than that.
eliminate the killer word “can’t” from your mind and heart, and watch your life soar with the power of “i can!”
 is everlasting [happiness]( possible?
check out our recent blog post at [wowzforhappyness](  and take the first step towards happiness .
hello!
there's too much gosh darn negativity in this world.
my name's mattmark and i've started up a 1/4 life crisis brand with a couple of friends on the side where we share stories of things that make people happy, feel good tunes, goofy polls, and a fun experience designed to make people happier.
meet...happy bucket life.
([www.happybucketlife.com](  happy bucket life is a brand where happiness meets comedy in the sense that if the morning brew, some good news, and witty humor all had a theoretical baby together, you'd get our splash of happiness email subscription and happy bucket life social media accounts.
we just launched at the start of august and we're getting past the "launch boost" of having friends sign up/give feedback.
we're ready to start collaborating with other brands with similar missions &amp; figure out new ways to bootstrap some growth.
i am in no sense a marketer, but i'm learning a ton as i go.
figured i'd throw my idea/brand out here on r/happiness and see if there's anyone out there looking to do that same!
it's with a big joy that i come to share my first and my most proud project, named "100 days smiling".
i and everyone at least once heard about super-heroes and super-power in your life, and, i got me thinking many times "imagine if these people had super-powers to help others", would be amazing!
i always got my self trying to help others, but, always thinking that i had nothing to help anyone, even knowing that we can help others with simple gestures.
so, the day happened, the day that i discovered that everyone was born with a super-power "without knowing about it", and this super-power is your smile!
yes, that simple, a smile is a super-power, that has the power to change someone's life, your life, and you can use as much as you can.
the most powerful power from this is, doesn't matter your condition or anything, not even a condition or doesn't matter what.
i once heard from someone that it's possible to smile with your eyes!
this is about how to show your 'inside smile', that pure smile that is from inside you, so it can be from a look also.
for this reason, i created this project [ or [ .
it's simple, on the main page you will read the rules for you to participate, it's simple.
for every 10 days that you complete you will earn a badge, and you can share the link with your name and people will be able to see for how long you are in the challenge.
that's it, i hope you share this as most as possible, i hope you invite other's to join this challenge.
we have been living in difficult times, that the distance had to be done, let's not forget what makes our humans and let's make our connections stronger with each other, and let's help others with your smile.
sincerely, felipe f garcia
[spotify - uplifting instrumentals]([apple music - uplifting instrumentals]([pandora - uplifting instrumentals](
i read a lot about "letting go" of the past and "moving on" from the past as being key to happiness.
and i think like everyone i've got a lot of burdens and pains in my past.
but there are also many joys.
there are fond memories of amusement parks and apple-picking, old friends who've drifted away, lost loves, and so on.
these things brought me such joy back then, but now, when i think about them, i get bombarded with negative thoughts like "things were so much better back in the day" and "too bad that'll never happen again" i always tell my students "don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened".
it's a great phrase, but how do i put it into everyday life?
any thoughts?
i think i have a problem.
i have a goal to be more social at work and be on a first name basis with people.
i'm a cart associate at walmart and i've been there for 10 months.
i think people have a hard time remembering my name and for some reason it makes me feel sad.
i do have good days at work but there are times when i don't feel so good.
there are instances where i try to say hello to someone and when the person sees me, he doesn't say anything.
for some reason, that makes me feel sad and left out.
i really don't know what it is about me.
i  really want to overcome this feeling i have because i really enjoy working at walmart.
i really want to improve my social skills and be on a name basis with people.
i think if i gain a social life at work, i will feel better about myself.
i'm known as a quiet person and i want to try and work to change that.
should i keep telling people my name or should i leave it as it is?
i feel kind of alone at work and i don't want to feel that way.
i want to socialize and conversate with people to the point they remember my name.
i really don't want to feel this way.
i really want a social life at work.
i also really want people to remember my name at work.
what are some effective ways to get people to remember my name at work?
what are some effective ways to approach people and socialize with them?
also, what are some effective ways to gain a social life at work?
i'm tired of feeling sad and left out.
i really want to try and change things for myself.
a series of questions that will help you to better determine who you really are.
the questions should relate to everyday aspects.
what do you like doing?
what made you most proud of yourself during your entire life?
what is it that you always wanted to do, and you never found the... read more [here](
at the end of the day, happiness is all we’ve ever wanted.
like to be akin to those whose rose to popularity in our youth.
every second of everyday we’ve been taught to seek it out.
and when we forget we are reminded that happiness is the goal.
it’s the finish line; cutting the rope of the end but the end begins your life anew so this time it’s cutting the ropes of beginnings.
beginning a life of renewal and bliss.
success, fame, passion.
all from happiness.
just like those successful in life, we strive to get with happiness for the chance to be like it.
to be loved and desired by all.
to never struggle for attention.
to be happy.
but life will tell you every way you’re not like those people.
why you’re never going to get with them; with happiness.
you’ll never be successful because you weren’t born into the right family.
you’ll never be loved because you can’t fall in love yourself.
you’ll never be a writer because that’s just not the right genre you write.
and they’re right.
but they’re wrong.
like one of those old slide show photo displays we played with as a kid, they were just looking at a different picture.
we were never meant to have to chase happiness.
to force ourselves to be somebody who happiness would accompany.
why can’t we just be happy?
be successful.
be loved, if not by others then yourself.
be that writer.
it was never complicated.
just be.
by constantly striving to get your happiness to 10/10, you are actually likely complicating your life and may ultimately become less happy.
more kids, pets,  bigger house, a packed schedule, and job with more responsibility will only give you a brief reward of happiness before the added stress brings you back to or below your level of happiness from before.
then you'll be back to trying to complicate your life more to get from that 7/10 to a 10/10.
if your life is simple and your happiness is already 7/10, embrace it.
if you're thinking, "my life is so great, it would be perfect if i just had ____", try to decide if adding that thing could actually take away from your current happiness more than add to it.
a 20 year old working at a fast food restaurant but with no other responsibilities and few possessions may truly be happier than the 40 year old with a stressful job, family of 4, house, and fancy car.
maybe the only problem with the 20 year old's life is that society thinks their life sucks because they can't afford fancy things like a fiji vacation, and that we need those things to be fulfilled.
it's also the attitude that we need to drive and fly all over the planet and consume everything in sight that is destroying our planet and will ultimately make everyone's life less enjoyable.
came across this article about this a while back.
not a new idea but everyone needs a reminder once in a while.
definitely worth a read:[disease of more](
we human beings are not happy.
we suffer because we live in ignorance.
we don’t realize the truth.
we do not know who we are.
we think we know, but actually,  we don’t.
we go to a temple, church or mosque because we are looking for god, but we don’t even know who god is.
how can we find happiness if we are living in ignorance?
we must stop.
we must realize the truth.
we must overcome our ignorance to live in happiness!
the young filmmaker - luther clayton interview[luther is a film director and youtube creator.
today we speak of luther’s love for outdoors, meditation and his wisdom on how we can enjoy life as an adventure.
luther also tells us of his film project he has been working on for 2 years!
\#theyoungfilmmaker #lutherclayton #interview
hi all,we would like to transform "workplaces" to "happier workplaces" and as part of the research would love some help with the survey ([ we are conducting research to understand what makes employees happy at work.
kindly let me know if you would be interested in the results, happy to share.
thanks
happiness was always within, right next to, but we build protective layers around ourselves because of experiences that happened to us and that's exactly the reason we are unable to reach it on daily basis.
you can see a way to happiness, but it's only an illusion, you can't just walk it, you need to slowly dig a hole in each layer(constantly dealing with what makes you sad) until you see your true happy self.
ps: current world is run by providing short-term solutions leading to some happiness(mostly it's just pleasure) and happiness becomes a luxurious product.
 what stands between you and pure happiness?
you have a slot in your brain where you file and store complaints.
when you harbor resentment against anyone and anything, you can never be free.
happiness is living without complaints.
if you knew how to think differently, everything and everyone in your life would change for the better.
agreement and disagreement have nothing to do with truth.
the “how to think differently” report is free and life-changing.
i just need your email and whoosh!
- you’re in on it.
 have you ever thought about what happiness means?
— as a rule, modern men and women define it as a set of positive emotions, which makes their life much better, filling it up with bright colors.
however, what about the research that contradicts everything you have thought before?
are you ready to try something new and quite the opposite?
read about it [do you agree it's true?
how to be confident - (dr aziz gazipura interview).
[dr aziz is a clinical psychologist and author.
dr aziz is the world’s leading confidence expert.
he teaches people how to learn confidence so they can eliminate self-doubt, master conversations, accelerate in their careers, and create deeply fulfilling relationships.
he completed his doctoral training at stanford and palo alto universities and is the founder of the center for social confidence.
he has a large online following with his podcast and youtube videos and is the author of three best-selling books, including his most popular book: not nice.
\#drazizgazipura #interview #confidencecoach
hi.
i am nanci sherman, author and happiness expert.
for my part during these unprecedented times, i'd like to offer you free my  "how to think differently" report: on-ramp to the happiness highway.
share your email with me at [ and it will be yours in a flash.
the pleasure is all "mind."
wishing you every happiness,nanci
&amp;#x200b;mae krier, at 94, continues to honor her proud tradition as one of the original “rosie the riveters,” who helped win wwii by working on b-17 and b-29 bombers for boeing.
she now makes masks to help us win the war against covid-19.
mae has been instrumental in getting the u.s.
house of representatives to agree that “rosies” should receive the congressional gold medal for their valiant war efforts.
she’s now working on getting senate approval.
meanwhile, mae is devoting her considerable talents to making masks in the same red polka-dot pattern made famous by artist j. howard miller’s wwii poster of “rosie the riveter.” to date, she has made and distributed some 200 masks.
honest question.
everyone defines happiness differently.
is there a one size fits all?
your open invitation - welcome to (happiness now)[on this channel, i share interviews with people from all walks of life.
if you would like to appear on my channel, then please email me at:[happinessnowchannel@gmail.com](mailto:happinessnowchannel@gmail.com)😊➟ for more peace and happiness - subscribe now:[\#happinessnow #trailer #advert #interviews #interview #happy #happiness
if you like this post make sure you message me the secret word: "second coming", to get access to the secret mastermind group.
for more high-quality advice follow [r/crimsonpill](don't believe pessimists who say hardwork doesn't pay off.
what matters if for you to put your head in the game and pursue your goals.
it all starts with having the right mindset and having the courage to pursue your goals.
&amp;#x200b;han meilin, at 84, recognizing the challenges we all face during self-quarantine, launched a livestream on-line painting course for children, something he’d never done previously in his long and illustrious career as an artist.
in addition to the exhibitions of his paintings worldwide, han has designed stamps for china, the five-dragon clock tower sculpture for the 1996 atlanta summer olympics and the phoenix logo for air china.
he has lectured at harvard university, been given the key to the city of san diego, california as an honorary citizen, and had october 1, 1980 declared “han meilin day” by the city of manhattan.
to top it off, han was named unesco’s artist for peace in 2015 for his contributions to the promotion of art education.
clearly, a passion han continues to pursue with his latest online endeavor.
with all the nasty shit in the world taking faith away.
i met the woman i am going to marry last night.
thank you god
today i notified my employer that i am resigning from my position.
i am breaking away from a toxic environment that was holding me back from growing.
it’s a leap of faith but great things can happen with big changes.
i’m excited to embark on a new chapter, create new opportunities, and enjoy my life with my soon-to-be husband!
tai chi &amp; meditation - eric freeman interview[eric is a certified meditation teacher and a tai chi instructor/tutor with many years of experience - today he explains the benefits of thai chi &amp; meditation and his story of how he says “meditation saved his life”!
he tells us how we can benefit from meditation practice and tai chi and how we can use this to improve our health, our happiness and help deal with life’s challenges.
please enjoy….
\#ericfreeman #taichi #meditation
do you know that makes you happy?
[view poll](
&amp;#x200b;[here’s a recipe]( for how you can ruin your happiness and start feeling miserable using social media:1. stop all attempts to figure out who you are, what your purpose is and what your identity is.
2. start comparing yourself to others by scrolling social media feeds as often as possible and as much as possible.
3. while doing that start thinking that people have it all (while [they are not](4. pay attention to their triumphs and victories only (they won’t show you their trials, hardships and cost they paid anyway).
here you are!
you don’t know who you are and thoughts of everybody having everything and you just having something doesn’t leave your head.
where are you happiness?!
this is the kind of intimacy i miss.
here is just a quick chat i had with a woman in my team.
she’s fun to be around.
not looking for any advice, this is more just a daydream.
“(l) morning babe xx  i have this part as obsolete seems off (work part no)(me) morning you,  ok i'll have a look.
x(l) thanks babe x  do miss not seeing you in office your that kind face when i arrive xx(me) miss you too, miss giving you a cuddle every now and again x(l ) i know xx  me 2 xx(me) they'll be one ready when we get back don't you worry.
x  btw (work chatter), take it off the order.
(l) ok babe thank you and cannot wait xxx.”i’m not making out we’ll be dating anytime soon, intimacy can be at other levels too and this fills me with happiness
i never feel satisfied even when i achieve my goal.
i may become happy for very short time and then again i start focusing on all the issues i have in my life or the goals that i have to achieve.
&amp;#x200b;iva barr, at 87, ran the london marathon, running to support the nonprofit group "whizz kids.” she ran all 26.2 miles in 7 hours and 26 minutes on what she calls sheer determination.
iva, who had not had the benefit of any formal training, not even a formal training plan, didn’t think she’d be able to do much more than walk most of the way.
after all, iva’s only preparation was the long daily walks she would take on her own, and her runs, which hadn’t gotten past 16 miles.
iva surprised herself by running almost all the way in the marathon and making it to the finish line, for which she was honored with a point of light award.
iva attempted to run again in the following london marathon.
although she was not able to finish, she was very happy about her experience and thus quite content to hang up her running shoes.
but who knows, iva may be back and surprise us all.
can you be happy even if you make a very poor salary ?
i deleted every facebook icon on every device i own ... keeping messenger and reddit.
i am soooo much happier these days!!!
\\(\^0\^)/
i just do 1000 karma and i’m happy about it.
basically if i just expect people to be shitty or rude it doesn't phase me as much.
before it used to bother the hell out of me but now i've accepted that how some people are and you can't control them.
there's a certain sense of freeness once you realize this.
now whenever i encounter shitty people i just laugh, keep my cool, and don't let their negativity bother me.
writers and actors often create backstories to define and give depth and dimension to their characters.
similarly, we should examine our history and generate a “self-story” that captures the truth of our experiences, beliefs and goals.
this will help us have the courage to voice and act on our values.
this also will help us structure a self-image framework that will support us in the future when we make the choice to speak up and act based on our values.
meditation, clairvoyance &amp; healing (ammal zaza)amaal is a spiritual teacher &amp; healer.
from a young age, amaal discovered an ability to perform miracles, later she came to realize and experience deeply her mind of clairvoyance and healing abilities….in this interview, she shares her fascinating story of discovery.
[\#amaalzaza #claivoyance #healer
today i woke up happy, i continue to feel good and happy.
very rare day.
it seems to be going by so fast.
usually i try to “get through” the day until it ends.
but today i dont want it to end because i feel “normal”, happy, no pain or sadness.
i wish every day was like this.
i shall cherish it.
&amp;#x200b;a.j.
&amp; lillie reeves, at 105 and 96, on the anniversary of their 78 years of marriage, became the 2019 virginia winners of worldwide marriage encounter’s longest married couple project, officially recognized in the u.s.
house of representatives congressional record.
the couple met the first time when lillie was still a pre-teen, but it was several years before they met again – at which point a.j.
said that the sun shone brighter on that day than on any other.
the two married when lillie was 18. a.j.
worked all his life, retiring at 80 from being an electrician and plumber.
in addition to building the couple’s family home, a.j.
built much of his local church, without charging a dime.
lillie too worked, both inside the home, making all the families’ clothes, and managing the local school cafeteria.
their son, alphonse, believes that his parents’ mutual respect and commitment both to each other and to their family, is – in addition to their love for each other – are the essential ingredients that have made for such a long term happy marriage.
hey!
i was hoping for some help......i hold onto considerable resentment, wether it be friends, colleagues and worst of all my partner.
i remember the times he didn’t stand up for me (his brother is a dick to me) and with friends i’ve felt that he’s made little effort.
he has apologies and spoken to his brother whilst also making people feel welcome who i invite but i just never let it go!
and i feel like i’m getting worse and worse.
i was keen to understand if anyone has had that and instead learnt to truely let it go.
and if so, how?
and an advice for me to not be such a resentful cow!
ha!
thanks so much
i finished my internship and very first job experience a couple of weeks ago.
it was at a movie festival and my old boss just told me they've published the list of movies they'll be showing (online, because of the covid-19) this year.
i read the titles and just started tearing out of happiness.
to think i've helped creating this edition of the festival... i could read the movie titles and remember what every single one was about.
i'm the one who contacted the producers for each movie asking for a copy of their films.
most of those movies are on the website because of me.
i knew i'd love working in the movie industry.
i can't wait to see what comes next now.
lionel wilson (interview) mindset and success[today i interview lionel wilson.
lionel helps clients and business owners overcome the frustration of not living their potential.
he teaches people to take control over their life and discover the greatness within.
he does this by coaching them to understand how their mind works and helps them to understand how to live from the inside out rather than letting outside circumstances determine their success.
please enjoy…\#lionelwilson #mindset #success
thats what i did for the longest time and it made me miserable.
i always felt like those things determined how good i was but it was this stupid competition i was never gonna win.
i get it society judges you by those things but its so damn superficial.
i am still me regardless of what i have and don't  have.
your real friends will love you regardless.
its such an empowering feeling.
how do we go from being reactive to proactive?
unmotivated to inspired?
pressure to priorities?
anxiety to empathy?
defensive to diverse?
hassle to harmony?
for suggestions, check out my latest blog post titled "shift paradigms and eliminate stress":   [
so i have been in a boat that i don’t know what makes me happy.
i know overcoming a huge obstacle does but other than that i don’t feel true happiness, when talking to someone i think i’m interested in i don’t have a huge grin or feel like the whole world is amazing.
is there something wrong with me?
what can i do to change this?
i used to be the one to create my own happiness, enjoy my own time.
ever since quarantine started though, i feel like my happiness is very dependent on my boyfriend and his actions (i.e.
him playing video games instead of messaging/calling me), but before i never used to care how long he'd spend cause i was busy doing my own stuff!
any advice?
been struggling with this since i have nothing to do for majority of the day and been in my thoughts
hi guys!!
life is so amazing, never underestimate it.
when you feel like giving up, always remember what is to come!!
and remember things don’t have to be bad.
there’s always things to do even if you can’t figure them out.
walk, work out, draw, sing, play a sport, listen to music, talk to your friends, watch videos, and a lot more.
also set plans for yourself!
i just made a set of goals for myself and organized them.
i wanna change my style more so i just looked well and bought stuff i want.
i wanna start working out so i found a list  online and decided to do that.
i also wanna eat healthy but give myself a break and eat something unhealthy on fridays.
remember if something you try doesn’t work, you can always try harder!
there’s so much more to life than giving up and in the end you’ll wish you did the healthy things you wanted.
you wouldn’t wanna lay in your death bed wondering why you were so scared of doing this one thing you wanted and regret it.
face your fears.
motivation is sooooo important and i know sometimes it’s hard to get but just think of the good that’ll come out of it!!
plan your future out a bit, make lists.
think of what you wanna do, what you wanna improve, and your dreams.
there’s bad moments but the good moments make it worth it.
you can have sooooo much coming for you everything just takes some work.
you can do this!!
just keep going, stay strong, keep organized, and know what you want 💕
  “do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment,” budda.
before i came across this quote, i was lost in my own stress and fear.
in the past i had worked at burger king, and in there i had a constant fear of angry customers.
the days were filled with stress, as everyday there was a rush and i would make a mistake.
though throughout my experience some brought me joy, but there was always the lingering stress that would haunt me throughout the day.
i become dissatisfied with the lack of happiness and searched for knowledge and wisdom on what truly brings happiness.
my research led me to this quote, which helped me overcome my dilutional viewpoint of the world.
i began to concentrate the mind on the present which helped me to truly accept the feelings and emotions as they were.
through acceptance i found more happiness in my life then i did before.
when first i came across this quote, i didn’t agree with part that said, “do not dream of the future.” i was dissatisfied with this quote, because throughout my life i was taught by our society that you should dream of the future.
the dream of success, the next iphone, a happy marriage, or whatever you thought would make you happy.
the thought of success, correlates directly to happiness in our human brains.
when we reach it, i found that we are always disappointed wanting more.
i can explain this with a simple analogy.
when i was young i would look at a toy and i think wow that toy will surly bring me happiness.
when i get the toy, i feel happy for a short time, and then i feel emptiness.
i then searched for more and more toy seeking the happiness that i will never achieve through toys.
the same correlation could be made thorough getting a promotion at work or another girlfriend.
the point is that dreaming of the future gives a person a dilution of happiness that they will not achieve.
so then if success, or things can not bring happiness what can.
what can bring happiness to people?
this quote suggest that you yourself can choose to feel happiness by concentrating the mind of the present moment.
so then if i can choose to be happy why don’t i. if that was true then why doesn’t everyone choose to be happy.
for instance the scenario of a person being bullied at school.
why doesn’t the person choose to be happy instead of ending their life along with the 799,999 other people per year.
are we humans so flawed that 800,000 thousand people would rather end their life instead of living in this world.
shouldn’t everyone have the right to the pursuit of happiness and yet, metal illness, trauma, and war threaten to take this away from us.
1 out of 4 people suffer from depression and yet mental illness is treated like it doesn’t exists.
the problems in the world are countless, and yet they will never be all fixed just like crime will never be vanquished, and there will always be people taking their own lives.
jesus said himself that, there will always be poor people in the world, but that didn’t stop him from healing the sick, or making the lame walk.
even at times jesus felt sadness and distress, but he didn’t dismiss his emotions that he felt.
form the beginning jesus focused on the current moment, instead of worrying about his death.
from this quote, and from jesus’s example i learned that all people are capable being happy and that through accepting their feelings and emotions they can find happiness.
how this applies to me is when i was working at burger king i had to deal with the customers that were on unsatisfied with their food.
when the customers would come in, i was afraid that i would get yelled at, and that they would think of me in a less regard.
after i had dealt with the unhappy customer, i felt stress and anger that wouldn’t go away.
after several times of this happening over several months, i found a better way to deal with my stress.
this way was to accept the feelings that i had to the fullest after the ordeal.
i wouldn’t push them away or lock them up, i would feel this feeling and accept what came after it.
after i learned to feel the feeling, no drastic change happen in my life happen.
but i can say i have made improvements in my life and i can thank those trying experience at burger king for helping me.
i also would like to add, that through my acceptance i was able to manage stressful situation with a clearer head because i knew that i would get through it.
finally to point out, something that really resonated with me that i had reading my search for understanding and being more happy.
the idea of being liked is crucial to the human mind, and the evolution of the person.
the more we understand, and not dwell in the past, the more we can correct the  illusionary  prisons that we put ourselves in socially.
its okay to not be liked by a stranger that walked and is not happy with their meal.
i end my case there.
 “do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment,” budda.
before i came across this quote, i was lost in my own stress and fear.
in the past i had worked at burger king, and in there i had a constant fear of angry customers.
the days were filled with stress, as everyday there was a rush and i would make a mistake.
though throughout my experience some brought me joy, but there was always the lingering stress that would haunt me throughout the day.
i become dissatisfied with the lack of happiness and searched for knowledge and wisdom on what truly brings happiness.
my research led me to this quote, which helped me overcome my dilutional viewpoint of the world.
i began to concentrate the mind on the present which helped me to truly accept the feelings and emotions as they were.
through acceptance i found more happiness in my life then i did before.
when first i came across this quote, i didn’t agree with part that said, “do not dream of the future.” i was dissatisfied with this quote, because throughout my life i was taught by our society that you should dream of the future.
the dream of success, the next iphone, a happy marriage, or whatever you thought would make you happy.
the thought of success, correlates directly to happiness in our human brains.
when we reach it, i found that we are always disappointed wanting more.
i can explain this with a simple analogy.
when i was young i would look at a toy and i think wow that toy will surly bring me happiness.
when i get the toy, i feel happy for a short time, and then i feel emptiness.
i then searched for more and more toy seeking the happiness that i will never achieve through toys.
the same correlation could be made thorough getting a promotion at work or another girlfriend.
the point is that dreaming of the future gives a person a dilution of happiness that they will not achieve.
so then if success, or things can not bring happiness what can.
what can bring happiness to people?
this quote suggest that you yourself can choose to feel happiness by concentrating the mind of the present moment.
so then if i can choose to be happy why don’t i. if that was true then why doesn’t everyone choose to be happy.
for instance the scenario of a person being bullied at school.
why doesn’t the person choose to be happy instead of ending their life along with the 799,999 other people per year.
are we humans so flawed that 800,000 thousand people would rather end their life instead of living in this world.
shouldn’t everyone have the right to the pursuit of happiness and yet, metal illness, trauma, and war threaten to take this away from us.
1 out of 4 people suffer from depression and yet mental illness is treated like it doesn’t exists.
the problems in the world are countless, and yet they will never be all fixed just like crime will never be vanquished, and there will always be people taking their own lives.
jesus said himself that, there will always be poor people in the world, but that didn’t stop him from healing the sick, or making the lame walk.
even at times jesus felt sadness and distress, but he didn’t dismiss his emotions that he felt.
form the beginning jesus focused on the current moment, instead of worrying about his death.
from this quote, and from jesus’s example i learned that all people are capable being happy and that through accepting their feelings and emotions they can find happiness.
how this applies to me is when i was working at burger king i had to deal with the customers that were on unsatisfied with their food.
when the customers would come in, i was afraid that i would get yelled at, and that they would think of me in a less regard.
after i had dealt with the unhappy customer, i felt stress and anger that wouldn’t go away.
after several times of this happening over several months, i found a better way to deal with my stress.
this way was to accept the feelings that i had to the fullest after the ordeal.
i wouldn’t push them away or lock them up, i would feel this feeling and accept what came after it.
after i learned to feel the feeling, no drastic change happen in my life happen.
but i can say i have made improvements in my life and i can thank those trying experience at burger king for helping me.
i also would like to add, that through my acceptance i was able to manage stressful situation with a clearer head because i knew that i would get through it.
finally to point out, something that really resonated with me that i had reading my search for understanding and being more happy.
the idea of being liked is crucial to the human mind, and the evolution of the person.
the more we understand, and not dwell in the past, the more we can correct the illusionary prisons that we put ourselves in socially.
its okay to not be liked by a stranger that walked and is not happy with their meal.
i end my case there.
hey, i wrote this a couple weeks ago, trying to help a few friends through rough times and quarantine.
if it helps anybody, then i'll be happy, eyyyy.
i can’t tell if my mind and heart are right that the girl i lost last year was the one.
i feel so certain she was.
but i’ve heard how the mind can turn an ordinary person into something far more than that.
will i look back and be upset by the time i wasted sulking on her?
what i refuse to do is settle for anything less.
if i can’t have her, it’s someone better.
is this dangerous?
 this is something i wrote about at [dispellingmyths.com]( i think that most people waste their time pursuing happiness by running in the wrong direction.
people think that pleasure brings happiness, in truth it often brings pain, but the connection is not immediately obvious, so the cycle of pursuing pleasure only for it to disappoint continues.
there is nothing inherently bad or wrong about pleasure, however, in modern society it’s often too easy to acquire which throws a cog in the works of our reward circuitry.
we have evolved such that the pleasure we experience is preceded by effort or hard work.
if you imagine a hunter gatherer on the hunt for much needed calories in the form of an animal of some kind.
this would often require much effort and disappointment before finally hunting down and killing the prey.
after which, the rewards could be enjoyed.
today, we only have to log onto are smart phone to order take away or go to the fridge.
the reward is easy to acquire, so what happens is people over-indulge, until the law of diminishing marginal returns takes effect.
afterwards what happens is people either feel sick or generally lethargic with low energy.
that’s just food, this dynamic also occurs with alcohol, drugs, porn, masturbation, video games and so on.
ask any parent, the most delicious and satisfying tea and toast they will every have is the tea and toast served by maternity nurses after a difficult labour and the healthy baby is finally delivered.
the effort made the tea and toast so satisfying.
what i think is happening when we experience too much reward with little effort, is our dopamine receptors become desensitized.
meaning day to day activities which should be enjoyable and give us motivation are either irritating or devoid of any enjoyment, activities such as going for a walk, having a conversation with a friend, enjoying nature or the practice which is required to learn a skill or craft.
it becomes almost impossible to master a skill because you simply don’t have the will power to endure such irritating and tedious practice on a consistent basis for the length of time necessary to master the skill.
the pleasure people routinely pursue is inadvertently making them miserable, or even depressed.
they are addicted to the instant gratification, they lose their ability to focus on a specific task for any length of time.
the solution is counter intuitive, bring more pain into your life if you want to be happy
i've never had a job that makes me happy or makes me want to get out of bed for.
people of reddit: do you have a job that makes you happy?
if you do, what is it?
michael fox interview - (mindset mastery university)[today i interview michael fox.
as a 20 plus year experienced professional michael is the founder of mindset mastery university.
his life purpose is to help others be the best that they can be.
he teaches that the root cause of all issues in our lives stems from our mindset.
change your thoughts, change your life.
\#michaelfox #mindsetmastery #happinessnow
for those looking to foster a better relationship with themselves, try something new or are feeling the impacts of the pandemic, this series is for you: [
is anyone here living abroad and having trouble being happy with their life abroad?
curious to hear your experiences.
do it now!
&gt; “being happy is something that each of us determines, it is not something that we find outside of ourself, it is within us and our choice.” – catherine pulsifer  here are 3 essential lessons about happiness i learned the hard way lesson 1: worrying about happiness will make you feel miserable  studies show that “people who highly value happiness set happiness standards that are difficult to obtain, leading them to feel disappointed about how they feel, paradoxically decreasing their happiness the more they want it .
happiness should be unconditional.
you should be able to experience happiness at any time, anywhere, under any circumstance – even if it’s only for a moment.
if you attach your ability to experience happiness to something external, and that external component fails you have set yourself up to be disappointed.
ultimately happiness can only come from within.
you have to decide to give yourself permission to be happy in the now lesson 2: money doesn't equates happiness, friendships do  we all deserve to be happy, regardless of how much we make or what we do for a living.
whether you are homeless or a fortune-500 ceo, you deserve to experience happiness.
money isn’t the answer.
how your bank balance is accounts for less than 10% of your happiness factor.
the quality of your social connections has more bearing on your happiness than how much money you make.
engaging in meaningful relationships bring vibrant color to our lives.
there is no joy greater than sharing genuine laughter with a trusted friend or feeling so safe with someone that you can simply be silent.
there is nothing wrong with striving for financial abundance; however, it should not come at the expense of your relationships.
lesson 3. remember what happens in real life  happiness is a feeling of well being, satisfaction,  or contentment.
nowhere is happiness defined as relationship status, financial bracket, or professional title.
happiness is a state of being that we control.
almost 40% of what effects our happiness on a daily basis has to do with what we experience and how we react to those experiences.
if you want to be happy, you have the power to purposefully take control of your happiness.
you are powerful.
you have the ability to celebrate and acknowledge everything you do.
there is no accomplishment too small or insignificant to be celebrated – even if you only lost 1 lb, improved one skill, made one new contact, followed up on one warm lead, or figured out the one thing you need to do next.
your happiness is precious and it’s your responsibility.
so, stop worrying about being happy.
instead, just be present and enjoy the moment.
appreciate your relationships and be an active participant in them.
remember that at its root happiness is about contentment &amp; satisfaction.
learning how to appreciate the present moment whatever it may be, is the quickest way to happiness.
source: the minds journal
years ago i was taking some clothes to the charity shop and i saw an old man walking towards me.
i had a half- decent suit in the charity bag and i asked the man if he wanted it.
he accepted it saying he’d wear it to the dance that night as he was hoping to meet himself a new ‘gal’ (his words) as he was lonely since his wife diedtoday i saw an old couple in face masks walking down the road to the shops.
he pinched her bum and she giggled and swatted him away.
they both fell about laughing.
it was a beautiful and tender moment between two old folk that are young at heart.
it was the same guy
this quarantine has been really getting to my mental health here lately.
consequently, i've turned to youtube and other creative outlets to try to spark my happiness again.
i'm new to reddit and i just found this community.
thank you all for creating such a supportive and positive atmosphere for us all!
this means a lot!
when you practice an "attitude of gratitude" – helping others, being generous, developing your spiritual side and practicing forgiveness – you increase your optimism and good feelings.
check out this latest blog post on maintining good health &amp; wellbeing:  [
hey everyone!
my son andrew, who is 7, and i created a new tournament called may gladness.
this takes the place of the sadly canceled march madness, but for our game, there is absolutely no sports knowledge necessary!
instead, all you have to do is vote for your favorites in each match-up between things that make people happy.
we just started the opening round - the round of 64 - and i'd love to have all of you check it out, vote, and share the link.
here is the google form to vote.
[and we made a fun espn-style analysis video to go along with it, though you can still play without watching it.
[&amp;#x200b;hope you'll all play along, and have a may full of gladness!
a good friend once told me, “life is not what happens to you; life is what happens for you”.
to cope with distressing circumstances, people need to learn to stay upbeat, control their stress, reduce their anxiety, and manage their frustration at the possible loss of a job and/or social involvement.
check out my latest article to learn how to bounce forward during these challenging times:  [
happiness now   reviews, comments &amp; shout outs 😊[in today’s video - i read your comments, answer questions, and share your feedback and thoughts with others.
i also recommend channels featured in my comments sections to help you build a happy community here on youtube.
i hope you enjoy this video, if it is welcomed then i shall make another such video later in the year to show my gratitude and appreciation to all my viewers and subscribers…please enjoy 😊\#happinessnow #happiness #happy
hello everyone, i think many people miss out on true happiness because they think happiness is sometime in the future, the only time we exist in is now, so these people never get to achieve happiness because it is always something to achieve in the future which never arrives.
i wrote about this at i believe many people are living under an illusion.
the illusion that they will be happy at some point in the future, it may not be a conscious belief, it may be a belief that is subconscious, but nonetheless it forms the basis for how people live their lives.
people think that happiness will come sometime in the future, when some event happens, maybe it’s a holiday, when they finish school, when they finish college, when they start working, when they get married, when they have kids, when they retire, when they get a promotion, when they get more money, the list goes on.
the underlying assumption that happiness is at some point in the future, at a destination in the future.
it’s a figment of their imagination.
the reality is this, throughout your life the conditions are very similar, you sleep, eat, commute to either school or work.
you eat breakfast, lunch and dinner.
you shower, brush your teeth, use the toilet, get dressed, get undressed, socialise, participate in a physical activity such as sport.
most of your day to day existence is very similar, the mind creates an illusion that life will be very different in the future.
when people do achieve what they think makes them happy, and it doesn’t, this can result in depression, or perhaps thinking that it is something else in the future that will make them happy, and the illusion continues.
for some people the illusion continues from childhood to death, always chasing something that they think will make them happy, only to achieve it and decide it must be something else that makes them happy.
the truth is this, the most important factor that determines one’s happiness is one’s relationship to the now.
are you comfortable with the now, the present moment.
do you find yourself constantly trying to get to the next moment, is the present moment an enemy?
if this is how you live your life you will never be happy, happiness will be the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow, it doesn’t exist.
happiness is right now, in the present moment, it is in your breath, it is in the stillness of your awareness.
the fact is fundamentally the same throughout your life, no amount of money or achievements will change this.
happiness is acceptance of the present moment and enjoying the experience of inhabiting the human body, you are the awareness behind the thoughts in your body, you are not your thoughts.
i read all the previous comments but what i actually wanted to know is what do jolly people do what keeps a smile on their face and attract other people towards them.
ik some of them fake it under the surface they are sad.
but i would like to know how they do it inspite of being sad under the surface
hey everyone, so i made this little video on sadness and happiness because i was struggling myself about it since this quarantine thing started.
i hope this video might help someone in some way and give you that contentment.
here's the link : maybe some of you might not agree with me but that's fine, this is solely my opinion.
let me know what you think, thankyou for your time.
peace!
who else reads self-growth articles?🙋🏻‍♂️ this is my fav one, taught me how to fall in love with life.
would 1000% suggest.
happiness in adversity 👍😊[during isolation we may find it hard to keep a happy mind - here i share a very simple and practical method for finding and developing a more peaceful happy mind, this will bring about greater peace in your life, this will not only benefit yourself but also those around you.
if practiced regularly this method will enable you to remain calm in stressful situations and even help reduce depression etc.
please try this technique i explain here and please share your experience with others so that they too may find more happiness in their lives…\#happy #isolation #now
to be so strong that nothingcan disturb your peace of mind.
to talk health, happiness, and prosperityto every person you meet.
to make all your friends feelthat there is something in themto look at the sunny side of everythingand make your optimism come true.
to think only the best, to work only for the best,and to expect only the best.
to be just as enthusiastic about the success of othersas you are about your own.
to forget the mistakes of the pastand press on to the greater achievements of the future.
to wear a cheerful countenance at all timesand give every living creature you meet a smile.
to give so much time to the improvement of yourselfthat you have no time to criticize others.
to be too large for worry, too noble for anger, too strong for fear,and too happy to permit the presence of trouble.
to think well of yourself and to proclaim this fact to the world,not in loud words but great deeds.
to live in faith that the whole world is on your sideso long as you are true to the best that is in you.
i'm one of the fortunate few right now.
i can afford food (next to broke but getting funds soon), wifi, and my basic life needs.
i've been in mostly isolation for a month and a half.
i've gotten past the i miss people and now am taking this time to improve my health.
i am walking about 10 000 steps a day average with my puppy dog.
i feel good and like i don't need to ask permission for the first time in my life to live my life.
 every human being seeks to be happy.
true happiness is not pleasure, it is peace, love, bliss joy.
all these are instinctive desires for human beings who are alive.
therefore, a human being must aim for and attain true happiness, which goes beyond achievement, to fulfillment and ultimately to enlightenment- the ultimate goal of life that comes from liberation from ignorance.
surya namaskar yoga 🕉😊just 1 exercise, 6 minutes!
[during isolation we may find it difficult to keep active, retaining our physical health, this is so important especially to help our immune system and so forth.
this 1 exercise helps in so many ways…\#yoga #suryanamaskar #sunsalutation
asking for a friend 🙃
i finally paid off my car and got a 3$ raise after struggling for 3 years.everybody keeps asking how i feel.
i don’t feel any different.
shouldn’t i be happy?
why don’t i feel happy?
 [give yourself the opportunity to book your video consultation with me]( click here](do you think you need to improve and better yourself?
do you feel that you are a great person but there are just some parts of you that do not really make it and you want to make yourself a more whole person?
do you need some help achieving personal goals?
do you have ambitions which you want to achieve yet lack the special x factor to achieve them?
well if you have all the above queries yet do not know how to proceed further, you have come to the right place and found the right article.
do you know what is personal coaching?
personal coaching is the process of engaging a personal coach who will guide you and make plans for your life (these plans are defined together with the coach and not forced on you of course) such that you are able to achieve the goals and objectives which you want to achieve.
basically, personal coaching is similar or maybe identical to life coaching.
a professional personal coach or life coach would use ask questions and also get their clients to reflect on their needs and wants.
they then discuss with their clients what they want to achieve in life and also identify personal and/or business and/or relationship goals.
the life or personal coach would then come up with a concrete action plan which would allow his client to achieve those goals.
in addition, such a personal life coach has to ensure that their clients are held accountable to themselves, though they would still monitor their clients' progress.
they would have key performance indicators such that they could track their progress.
most importantly, they would need to do the various steps required to reach their goal.
all these steps would be listed in their implementation or action plans.
of course the plans can never be followed strictly so in case there is a need to revise those plans, the client would then talk to the coach such that they can amend the plan as and when required.
the best thing about having a personal life coach is that they provide a different form of perspective to their clients.
since they are not related to you or have any specific agenda, they can provide outside and unbiased views.
they also get to see what you do not get to see or fail to notice, and they are not afraid to highlight your shortcomings so that you may then decide whether to improve on them.
coaches may also teach their clients specific insights and skills to empower them towards reaching their goals.
do take note that in the long run, clients are still responsible for their own achievements and success.
this all the more makes life coaching a challenging business.
so it is definitely not easy taking up life coach jobs, as i have shown here.
of course, there will be many life coaching courses that will equip you with the necessary tools to be a personal life coach.
whatever it is, you just need to persevere and be focused in what you want.
[watch video]([give yourself the opportunity to book your video consultation with me]( click here](
&amp;#x200b;lily tomlin, at 80, is enjoying a career that actors in their 20s, 30s, 40s, 50s–supposedly in their prime--would no doubt envy.
she's a lead in netflix’s “grace and frankie” and has reprised her role as professor frizzle in “the magic school bus rides again,” having voiced the original mrs.
frizzle in “the magic school bus” over 20 years ago.
lily started her career as a stand-up comedian off-broadway.
what set her apart from many other budding comedians was her ability to create unique, memorable, positively hilarious characters.
from “ernestine” the telephone operator, to 5½ year old “edith ann,” lily’s characters are spell-binding.
lily’s talent had been rewarded not only with a flourishing career, but with many honors, including her 2017 screen actors lifetime achievement award.
be kind to yourself - 10 tips for happiness 😊[in today's video, i offer 10 tips for happiness, 10 things we should tell ourselves to develop confidence and to achieve the goals we set in life.
by overcoming negative self-talk and rejecting limiting beliefs we can find the happiness we are looking for, after all - it is within us already, we just need to discover this for ourselves.
\#topten #happiness #10tipsforhappiness
with this whole mess about the coronavirus, i think it's important to be aware of the happiness and joys in our life that remains!!
for me, i'm thankful for technology for allowing me to still keep up with my friends and loved ones.
and i think it's important we all think about that too!
so i've decided to start something small - a site dedicated to curating your contributions of what still makes you happy in these times.
i will publish the submissions as i go along - hopefully it helps to lift others' spirits up by reading about funny / happy things you share about!!
the link is here: [
hi all :)with this whole mess about the coronavirus, i think there's really truly no place we can go that doesn't mention this damned virus.
even i feel like there's no escape from the news.
so i've decided to start something small - a site dedicated to curating your contributions of what still makes you happy in these times.
i will publish the submissions as i go along - hopefully it helps to lift others' spirits up by reading about funny / happy things you share about!!
the link is here: [
hey all.
let's have a good day!
🕉➟ how to stop the habit of over-thinking!
[today we look at how we can stop the habit of over-thinking or excessive thinking.
we look at our addiction to thinking and how we can choose to live in the present moment rather than living with such busy minds.
to learn how to control the mind in this way is a real path to happiness.
\#livinginthemoment #mindfulness #presentmoment
how to meditate, part 7 - love overcomes fear[this 27-minute meditation is especially helpful for developing love and overcoming fear.
this meditation is a very special practice as we will see - we will see how happiness and peace arise naturally once we still the mind in this way.
this is part 7 of my series of classes teaching how to meditate and train the mind for peace and happiness.
in this 10 part series, i will guide you through several different methods of meditation practice used for developing the mind and finding peace and happiness in your life.
join me in this series of classes and learn for yourself how you can overcome stress, anxiety, panic attacks and help overcome depression and develop our happiness…please enjoy.
\#meditation #love #overcomefear
covid 19 - my q&amp;a with jayne roberts[today we look at the coronavirus ( covid 19 ).
i interview jayne roberts, a fully qualified nurse who shares her knowledge regarding the sources of reliable information with regard to our questions on coronavirus.
my wish is that this interview brings a deeper understanding of the virus and some release from our stress &amp; anxiety associated with it.
\#coronavirus #covid19 #virus
covid 19 - my q&amp;a with jayne roberts[today we look at the coronavirus ( covid 19 ).
i interview jayne roberts, a fully qualified nurse who shares her knowledge regarding the sources of reliable information with regard to our questions on coronavirus.
my wish is that this interview brings a deeper understanding of the virus and some release from our stress &amp; anxiety associated with it.
\#coronavirus #covid19 #virus
do you have toxic friends?
➟ finding happiness with positive friends 😊[😊 in this video, we look at the importance of positive friends and we question those friends in our life that may not be helpful in the development of our happiness.
do we find some of our relationships are clouding our happiness?
maybe some of our friends are quite toxic and instead of lifting us, inspiring us and making us happy are in fact a cause of our unhappiness.
we need to develop happy states of mind and to do so we must spend time with positive uplifting friends and family so that we can find the happiness we are all looking for.
\#toxicfriends #howtobehappy #findinghappiness
what is buddhism?
who is buddha?
[🕉😊➟ in today's video, i give a very brief introduction to buddhism.
i explain who buddha is and what is buddhism.
i also explain how we must respect all faiths and recognize their great meaning in finding happiness and peace in life.
\#buddhism #buddha #whatisbuddhism
many of the thorniest issues we face in our lives are less about right versus wrong than about right versus right.
  across cultures, most people feel a strong sense of right and wrong.
when facing an ethical dilemma, they generally want to do the right thing.
check out my latest blog post on the 12 core assumptions for values-driven action: [
&amp;#x200b;lois estes paulson, at 105, passed her driving exam and eye test with flying colors, becoming the 4th oldest licensed driver in illinois.
lois, who’s been driving since she was a young’un on her parents’ farm, wasn’t about to let a little thing like age stop her from driving; after all, she’s a busy woman!
lois enjoys her church’s activities, quilting and spending time with her daughters and family.
when one of her daughters wanted to attend college, lois worked as both a hospital nurse’s aide and assisted in doctors’ offices to help pay for the tuition.
later she clocked 5,000 hours as a hospital volunteer.
truly an inspiration to us all!
[a much needed insight..](
just wanted to wish everyone a great day.
i am always amazed by how valuable the little things in life are.
right now i am just sitting in a room with my 4, 6, and 8 year old waiting for them to go sleep, while i listen to some beautiful piano music on youtube.
be like the sky not the clouds[here i explain how we are not our thoughts and by realizing this we will find some space in the mind - a level of peace &amp; tranquillity, this will automatically reduce any stress and depression we may be experiencing.
i explain how this is a very simple yet profound exercise we can all master ourselves.
we have the ability to be happy now!
\#happiness #livinginthemoment #mind
hello,i recently created an app with a simple concept - post something positive.
whether it is something kind you have done, something kind you've seen, or perhaps even a motivational quote to cheer people up.
i would love some feedback and ideas for feature requests!
here are the download links:android: [ios: [thanks, and have a great day.
coronavirus and fear [today i share methods for dealing with our fears and worries because of the corona virus (covid19).
as news media outlets across the world show us the problems and suffering as a result of the coronavirus pandemic we need to protect the mind and ensure that we are not creating more problems that arise from certain uncontrolled minds.
in this video, i share 6 practical methods to help us and our loved ones during this difficult time…these methods i share can also be applied to other worries we may be experiencing too!
\#coronavirus #covid19 #latest
hey guys.
my dad has been working for several years as a coach, positive psychology teacher and speaker for corporate organizations.
we wanted to do something special for happiness day this year, so we've decided to run a livestream/webinar.
in the webinar, he'll teach a basic introduction to the tools of positive psychology and how we can leverage them to start becoming happier immediately.
there will be no bs pop psychology, all of his material is based in peer-reviewed meta-studies.
the goal is to teach as many people as possible about real, evidence-based ways to grow happier!
if this sounds interesting to any of you, i'd love it if you registered for the webinar/livestream.
:) the link is here:  [
happiness now, interviews - gina noel d’ambrosio[in today's video, i interviewed gina noel d'ambrosio, consultant, speaker and executive director of lbl ventures and its brand, living better and longer.
we discuss the miracles of kitchen chemistry and the broader roles that nutrition, activity, sleep and stress management play in our lives.
gina's 30-year background in dance and yoga gives her a unique perspective on ways we can best create and maintain the physical platform for a joyous spirit.
\#ginanoeld’ambrosio #livingbetterandlonger #nutrition
what have you done that made you happy lately?
🕉😊➟ what is spirituality?
[what is spirituality?
are we spiritual and what does it mean to be spiritual….
there are so many different labels people give and so many different interpretations, here i explain what i believe is the meaning behind spirituality.
i talk briefly about how we can find greater meaning in life by recognizing who we really are and not adhering to a worldly view of ourselves and others.
\#spiritual #spirituality #religious
🕉😊➟ what is spirituality?
[what is spirituality?
are we spiritual and what does it mean to be spiritual….
there are so many different labels people give and so many different interpretations, here i explain what i believe is the meaning behind spirituality.
i talk briefly about how we can find greater meaning in life by recognizing who we really are and not adhering to a worldly view of ourselves and others.
\#spiritual #spirituality #religious
hello everyone!
would you mind sparing 30 seconds to help me fill up a quick survey for my university module?
i'm gathering data on happiness.
thank you so so very much [
&amp;#x200b; john and charlotte henderson, at 105 and 106, were named the "oldest  living married couple" by the guinness world records, having been  married now for 80 years.
they met at the university of texas, and are  still loyal fans of "their" football team, john being ut's oldest living  former football player.
their secrets to a long and happy married life?
they don't  argue (never did much in the first place) and never go to bed without  settling whatever was on their minds.
they pay attention to what they  eat, and drink in moderation.
john still works out, and although neither  of them hear quite as well as in their younger days, they are both in  excellent heath.
here's to happy healthy longevity --together.
this is a quote i have grown up with and need to remind myself of sometimes.
what are some quotes that you use to stay open minded, more aware, or positive??
:)
how to meditate, part 6 - a meditation for happiness[🕉😊➟ in this video, i will guide you to the present moment awareness that gives rise to peace, where all problems and worry cease.
this 24-minute meditation is especially helpful for the development of happiness.
we see how happiness arises naturally once we still the mind.
this is also helpful in developing and refining concentration.
as a result of such concentration we can attain a calm and peaceful mind, a mind that will enable us to overcome anxiety, stress etc….
this will help us find the happiness and peace we all long for.
\#meditation #happiness #guidedmeditation
hello!
i'm a college student (19f), and i'm taking a class where we debate about several topics about culture and life.
we are doing a research about what happiness means around the world and how different we all live happiness.
some of the questions we are using are the following.
what country are you from?
(optional) age and gender:1. are you currently studying or working?
(what are you studying?
o where do you work?)
2. what do you think about the economic situation of your country?
3. what do you think identifies most the culture of your country?
4.  if you could change anything about your country, what would it be?
5. how does your nation's economy impact your daily life?
6. do you think you work to live or you live to work?
7.  do you think that the economic growth of a country determines its happiness?
8. do you agree with the way your country is led or governed?
why?
9. do you think your country is best known for its culture or for its economic growth?
why?
10. do you think it is important to live in a country with high happiness rates?
why?
11. are children in your country considered, mostly, happy children?
12. how common is bullying in your country?
13. do you think that experiencing some type of bullying as a child diminishes or somehow affects the chance of being happy as an adult?
i'm looking for people from the following countries that are willing to help me :d the answers are totally subjective and can be as deep as you want them to be.
 i would really appreciate your help.
countries: finland, denmark, norway, iceland, netherlands, switzerland, sweden, new zealand, canada, austria, australia, costa rica, israel, luxembourg, united kingdom, ireland, germany, belgium, united states, czechia.
south sudan, central african republic, afghanistan, tanzania, rwanda, yemen, malawi, syria, botswana, haiti, zimbabwe, burundi, lesotho, madagascar, comoros, liberia, india, togo, zambia, egypt, uganda, eswatini, ethiopia, ukraine, chad, myanmar, sri lanka, sierra leone, mali, congo, iraq, bangladesh, tunisia, mozambique, mauritania, kenya, gambia, georgia, guinea, iran, armenia, burkina faso, niger, namibia, somalia, senegal, palestinian territories, cambodia, venezuela, albania, south africa.
thanks a lot!

my perspective in life isn’t working and i need to hear some life changing advice.
it’s so hard because i have such incredible awareness and recognize what i do wrong but can’t change.
i’m angry, sad and depressed seemingly all the time.
i was toxic in a relationship with the girl of my dreams and she cheated and broke up with me because i sucked and she didn’t communicate because of her own problems and instead probably ruined us.
i have tried - therapy, energy healings, massages, yoga, meditation, reading, daily exercise, visualization...i’ve filled my calendar with these daily for 8 months now and i’m still so sad.
it’s so hard because with the breakup she just doesn’t understand that i needed a reality check and i am so certain how perfect we’d be now.
i’m so terribly full of regret around that - so many things i started to be so toxic in, playing golf for example i’m so upset with how much of a dick i was - anything.
i can’t believe she doesn’t want me and i need to hear some life changing advice, probably a perspective, to help me shift things.
i tell myself i deserve joy all day but it doesn’t seem to work.
what else do i do?
she loved me so much and then one day after therapy completely flipped a switch - i need something like that, couldn’t believe it.
tldr: wildly depressed, bad breakup, need a new thought cycle or perspective on lifeedit - idk if this matters but i am incredibly well liked, funny, and i would say good looking.
i connect deeply with nobody, including my family, only ever my ex.
nobody who knows me would ever suspect this from me, they’d be shocked
😊➟ what is your path and does it make you happy?
[in today's video, we look at spiritual &amp; religious paths.
we look at what could be the ultimate mind's capacity to understand what is meant by god.
how would god manifest for us?
would we recognize god, is god the ultimate nature of space, of energy, of consciousness?
what is your path?
does it make you happy?
\#happy #spiritual #religion
my boyfriend is currently off in another state job interviewing.
we want to move to this state asap, it's our dream.
i've never been someone who has "planned their wedding" since being a kid.
no, i've dreamed about getting my own house that i can call my home.
i was always a pretty lonely kid.
not quite feeling like i belonged.
not with my friends.
my first few boyfriends.
my family.
i remember one time in highschool, someone said they thought i was popular and i just wanted to laugh because how could i be "popular" while feeling like a giant black hole was eating me from the inside out?
and one of the few things that brought me happiness was knowing someday i'd buy a house and i would make it my perfect home.
so many house plants.
a giant yard for planting flowers.
giant bookcases.
a place with beautiful natural sunlight that i could paint in.
and now...i get to start actually considering options and possibilities with the man i love.
i'm beyond elated!
[adam is a transformation specialist coach, energetic and intuitive healer, a specialist in autism/asd.
with over 40 years of personal experience as well as being a father to the two most loving and gifted sons, both on the autistic spectrum.
over 10 years of extensive research work.
investing tens of thousands of hours.
significant finance to learn from the best leaders, guides, mentors, and scientists.it is my deepest desire, purpose, and passion to provide my wealth of knowledge, personal and professional experience.
so that no adult or child should have to go through any of the most challenging of circumstances that my family has had to endure and overcome.
alchemy spectrum aims to transform the challenges you face.
restoring the love, peace, and relationships with yourself and all those around you.
opening new positive opportunities to live your best life.
\#autism #autistic #asd
do what is meaningful - aliens &amp; happiness 👽🙏[in this video we will look at the age-old subject, what is the meaning of life?
where can we find happiness?
is meditation the key?
i was inspired to make this video following a ted talks conversation.
after watching a ted talk about a mars mission i then commented and this started a short conversation about happiness and what is a meaningful action and what is it we can do to find meaning in our life.if there were such things as aliens, would they have the answer to our question: how can we be happy?
maybe we already have the answer….
\#happiness #tedtalks #meditation
 some stories will change the course of our life forever.
mine happened exactly 14 years ago today.
on the 25th of february 2006 a very young me decided her time in london had come to an end.
fresh of a mini break in italy where i felt the unceasing love of my dear ones, suddenly life here felt heavy and “stuck”.
i could picture myself being much older and still sharing a flat with people who’d never do their washing up quick enough for my liking.
i knew my best friends would soon move elsewhere or back to their countries, and it would have just been me left behind, missing the good old days.
besides, having worked in retail all of my life, i could not see a way to get a better paid job which would make me feel more of an adult and less of an eternal teenager!
i felt stuck.
and i didn’t like that word.
i never did.
but if i can be really really honest to you, there was another reason.
after so many years spent looking for “the one”, the idea of still dating in my later years just terrified me.
i had been playing the “game of love” for so long, i just didn’t trust it could ever become something else.
i’d meet guys, and they’d seem “ok-ish” but never enough to make me hope the’d stay.
or they’d be phoning in the middle of the night, promising eternal love while calling me someone else’s name!
it was clear that i was not good at this very unfunny dating game.
it was the same old story, while i wanted to write a new one.
#### my story.
and it just wasn’t happening.
and so all those years ago, one sunny 24th of february i spent the morning by myself to reflect on my decision to leave.
walking around a very busy borough market, i hoped to find cakes that would heal the wound.
life felt different that day.
being among all those tourists and food lovers, made feel somehow alienated and detached.
i chose a couple of very inviting sweets and started to walk back home.
the river was very still and its bed golden under the sun’s rays.
“oh, my beloved london, i shall miss you so” – i remember thinking while scoffing my cakes.
and then the most remarkable and extraordinary thing happened: i stood right in the middle of the road for what felt like an eternity.
in that moment something greater than myself overtook me and with much conviction and presence, i muttered to myself:&gt;“god if you want me to be on my own for the rest of my life, i will.
  if you want me to leave london, i will.
  your way, not mine”.
i had never been so certain in my life, so present and so unafraid.
my body was engulfed in an exquisite blanket of self love and respect and i never wanted it to take it off.
for the first time in my life i had been able to surrender to whatever the moment in front of me was offering.
i felt at peace and complete.
most of all, i felt a love that i had not experienced before.
a love, i knew there and then, that had come to stay and never leave,i was ready for whatever was next, no matter where that would lead me to.
little i knew that less than 10 hours later, i would meet my future husband in very improbable circumstances.
but this is a story for another time, and which i love sharing with others.
#### today it’s all about the story that we start writing when we surrender to what it is.
when we trust the universe to unload us from our worries and tribulations, we allow magic to happen.
the same magic that we’ve been trying to evoke by ourselves but which cannot stem from the burden we carry around.
we must share that load and allow something bigger than us to guide us while mending our wounds.
i can’t really say that i’m an expert at surrendering.
i probably do better than most, yet the uneasiness is often still there.
in time i have learnt to accept that it’s part of our humanness.
challenge after challenge, we learn to let go a bit more.
and hold on a bit less.
that’s when we know our spirit is growing: when we can look up the sky and say, over and over again, “your way.
not mine”.
and if you think that’s giving in to a cumbersome life, then think of the times you have been struggling against it!
when we learn to dance with life rather than put up a fight, we graciously start gliding through it.
as we lightly move in and out of our days, suddenly we start living more and worry less.
antonia lyons&amp;#x200b; thank you for visiting [bliss in the city.
](if you like my work and want to know how i can help you find balance and ease in the midst of urban madness, click [here]( &amp; [here](sign up to [evoking grace]( and get instant access to my free video series: thoughts &amp; emotions make our world.
be part of my “online tribe when you follow my mumbling &amp; musing on [facebook ]( inspiring videos on my youtube channel [“bliss in the city”](and my articles on [vocal!
](
competition has no existence.
nothing in this whole universe competes with anything else.
the soil is happy to share its nutrients with plant kingdom.
the plant kingdom is happy to share its produce with the animal kingdom.
the animal kingdom is happy to self regulate by having carnivorous animals remove the weak, the old, and the diseased.
all beings, all elements live in harmony and coexistence and human beings need to realize this.
what are your recommendations for the best books on happiness?
i'm eyeing this one.
day 66-72 – tuesday feb 25 of my path to riches  hello my name is lori spensieri.
i use the law of attraction to attract money.
i wil discuss 3 methods - 5x55, vision boards and meditation.
[\#thelawofattraction]( [\#visionboard]( [\#jakeducey]( [\#meditation]( [\#55x5](  i have a youtube channel called ‘the lori show”.
i am here spreading positivity and helping other live their best life.
join me on my journey to riches.
i will be using so many tips and tricks that i have collected on my way to preparing for my journey.
if you are intrigued by anything that you have heard or seen (wink) please click that thumbs up button hit that subscribe.
you don't want to miss it when i have my giant breakthrough.
this video will represent day 66-72 of my path to riches.
i used three techniques this week.
these are as follows.
1) i have been doing daily meditations in the am and pm.
i don't use any one in particular but one of my favourites is by jake ducey, the second mind meditation.
its amazing and it puts me in an abundance mindset almost immediately.
2) i have been doing 55x5 method for the past 5 days…here it is folks.
i wrote, “monday comes to me quickly and easily 55 times each day for 5 days.
3) lastly i have finally completed my 2020 vision board.
i love it.
i will do a very brief 2 minute description of key elements.
a) love b) financial freedom c) success in writing d) happiness   describe the vision board a little more.
my next video in the my path to riches series will be for days 73-78. stay tuned.
i’m going to a breakthrough people.
now, did you know i have a facebook group dedicated to positivity and happiness.
it isn’t huge but the members are one of a kind.
as always, i am doing 3 shoutouts of my group members.
i want to give a big giant virtual hug to: willie alberto vergas, anngel pollard, and gary taylor.
keep on fighting the positive fight.
we got this.
i will be three more shout-outs in the next video.
thank you so much for watching my videos.
i am grateful for every single one of you.
without you i am just talking to myself.
have a wonderful day and eh!
be positive.
"???
?social media mania!
my email address: lori.spensieri34@gmail.com  follow me on twitter at [ follow me on instagram at [ follow me on pinterest at [  music: tiny people site: [
i have really good intentions and am a great person.
i’ve noticed that xanax, taken wisely and spaced out (i.e.
a quarter bar 2-3 times a week, no smoking or drinking on it) and it makes me happier and a better person.
i’m stuck in my head all the time and am currently coming up on the one year mark of working so hard (without meds) to become to best version of myself, reading/yoga/meditating, even moving was involved in this.
xanax, even just playing basketball at the gym yesterday, had me being outgoing and friendly and genuine and outside my head.
if i can’t seem to do it on my own, is it that bad to get a bag of these meds and use them responsibly?
i also know they are addictive, and feel a negative association with them.
people incapable of guilt always have a good time.
[today i interview harpreet sandhu.
harpreet is a success and fulfilment coach, motivational speaker &amp; founder of happiness tv.
today he shares his story of how he took control of his life and from a deeply depressive state lasting many years, he then became one of the happiest and most positive people i have ever met.
we speak of our potential and how we have the power within us to become who we truly wish to be.
we speak of various methods to improve our happiness, one such method - living in the present moment… please enjoy.
\#harpreetsandhu #happiness #coach
did the popular kids in your school go on to do great things; or just fizzle out?
in today's video, we look at the question: "where does your happiness come from"?
we look at happiness and what is a real source of happiness as opposed to an unreliable source of happiness... i give you examples of happiness which anyone can have - we so often suffer sadness, depression and so on because we look for happiness in the wrong place... please enjoy
found out the answer to the aforementioned question it here, from yale's most popular course on 'the science of well being'[&amp;#x200b;&amp;#x200b;&amp;#x200b;
[what is a real source of happiness as opposed to an unreliable source of happiness?… i give you examples of happiness which anyone can have - we so often suffer sadness, depression and so on because we look for happiness in the wrong place...please enjoy\#wheredoeshappinesscomefrom #howtobehappy #meditation
(!!disclaimer!!
 if you're very insecure or suffer from depression, this might not be an article suited for you.
this is my personal experience and a way i achieved a positive mind-set and happiness.
just want to put this out there since i'm not a cerified psychologist and i don't want to make your situation worse.
even if it has the slightest chance, i don't want to risk it.
enjoy!)
i know, it seems impossible, a formula for a happy life, isn't that something we all try to achieve at some point in our life?
happiness, one of the abstract things in life.. you can be poor, rich, alone, together, doesn't matter what race or human you are, as long if you add order to the chaos called '' life''.. happiness is something that can be achieved by anyone.
ofcourse life isn't just rainbows and sunshine, but sometimes it is.
and even if things are looking down for you, if you believe in yourself and have hope, you can get out of most situations stronger then before.
this is a subject where plenty of people  wrote articles, books or give lectures about before me.
happiness has proven to be something alot of people desire; a feeling, a mind-set, what is the key to achieving this feeling, happiness.
we have alot of things to worry about, and ofcourse i don't speak for all of us humans.. but i think the majority of people can agree life isn't easy.
and something that seems like ''no worries'' for one person can be the biggest issue in the world to someone else.
the world we life ini've been thinking about ''reality'' alot, the world, perception, mater, the mind.. and i came to the following theory: our whole life, is made out of this countless strings of personal memories, feelings, opinions (based on those things),  current mind-set, traumas, (ex) relationships, + the present.
and those countless of strings are experienced different for every person, if you boil it down; we all life in another reality, another world.
your own world is basicly all in your mind.
to not get myself in an existential crisis i tried to make sense of this and see where i could go from there; and this made me realise we are all in control of our own life.
regaining control of your own world, is one of the key steps to achieve a happy life.
and it sounds cheesy, but you are the captain of your own ship, not just physicaly but also mentaly.
but how do you do this?
now again, every person is different so this might not be the thing for you, but this is my personal experience in gaining control over my own welfare and negative emotions.
i used to be mad, with a strong opinion,  sometimes jealous, and afraid of losing control over things i wanted to keep control of.
and i never realy questioned why.
why do i feel this negativity around me?
what is the root of my behaviour?
looking at it from a different perspective made me see that i drag negative memories and feelings around me.
put things in perspective.
 so i decided to turn those negative thoughts, in positive ones.
now, how do you make a positive thought out of being unhappy with your body?
just broke up with your girlfriend who you had a toxic relationship with?
or other situations that keep you from achieving ''happiness'' .
well here's how i turned litteraly every negative aspect of my life, in a positive one:keep learning, foreverallways, learn.
take feedback, reflect on yourself and your actions, and ask yourself what you could do to make a difference in the outcome.
and while doing this, don't be to harsh for yourself, we're not perfect.. we all make mistakes.
and one way to make sure you wont make another mistake on top of that, is to learn from your mistakes.
but be fair!
(sometimes there realy was nothing you could do about the situation. )
being your own mentor and learning from yourself, always trying to learn makes you accept life isnt perfect and it helps you deal with alot of issues.
this is my way of stressreduction ; knowing that i did, what i could.
survival of the ~~fittest~~ most adaptiveacceptance.
accept some things aren't picture perfect or the way you imagined it.
embrace imperfection in order to achieve perfection.
every person lifes in thier own world, and some people might agree with you, and some people might disagree with you.
be honest to yourself and accept not every person has the same mind-set or thought like you do.
media en politics try to divide us, but in the end, it is your world.
and eventho some people disagree on alot of stuff, they might still be a cool guy to talk with.
judgement is something alot of people suffer from, and its judgement what keeps us divided.
if you open your heart to those who do aswel and take control of your life you can create a beautiful world.
a beautiful world for yourself...&amp;#x200b;want to continue reading?
let me know in the comment section down below for part 2.

&amp;#x200b;klaus obermeyer, at 100, swims and exercises every day so he can continue to do the thing he loves most—ski.
a ski instructor at aspen mountain for many years beginning shortly after wwii, klaus used his background as an aeronautical engineer to help design better skis, better poles and ski-adapted clothing.
his attitude toward life is inspiring: he believes in embracing our problems, in finding a way to love everything, to make being positive a daily commitment.
anything less, in his opinion, is simply could de-cheating ourselves.
klaus’ smile and happy energy are infectious--a day spent in his company would de-grinch anyone.
[in this video i will explain why love is all you need to live a happy life and how love can help you in all your relationships - family, friends, work colleagues and strangers….
in particular, we look closely at the main obstacle to a loving relationship, we hear how we can improve our relationship by developing pure love.
[in today’s video, i interview symon &amp; michelle (mr &amp; mrs knowhow).
mr &amp; mrs knowhow aim to send an important message to everyone that you are not permanently trapped in negative behavior and old habits that aren't good for you or your loved ones…\#happinessnow #mr&amp;mrsknowhow #interview
💥💥💥 🎶🎵🎶 happy  we  have  each  other -  #valentines  #valentinesday 🎶🎵 watch  #akhiles_twitch  live  streams  on  @twitch  app  orwww.twitch.tv/akhiles_twitchfollow  @akhiles_john  on  twitter,  facebook,  instagram &amp;  akhiles army of awesome  on  youtubejoin  john  as  he  journeys  positively  w/ gaming &amp;  humour  thru  life  coaching,  fitness &amp;  health 〰  real  life,  real  talk#gaming  #videogames  #fun  #adoptdontshop  #laughter  #akhilesarmyofawesome  #positivity  #thankful  #grateful  #happiness  #kindness  #lifecoach  #goals  #friends  #love  #family  #god  #toys  #twitchclips  #anime  #fitness  #health  #poptartfriday 🍭  #fridayfeeling  #aaoa  #handsome  #coolcatwon 〰 💙 〰 💙
[in this video, i will guide you through a 20 minute (light) meditation.
this will help you develop good concentration &amp; a calm and happy relaxed mind, a mind that will enable us to overcome anxiety and stress…\#meditation #howtomeditate #guidedmeditation
[in today's video, we’ll look at techniques to help you overcome nervousness and how to build your confidence when talking to people.
i will explain several techniques that will help you overcome your fear of talking to others and at the end of this video, i will give you a proven technique you can use now!!!
\#confidence #nervous #anxiety #publicspeaking #happinessnow
we need to coexist with other human beings nature and create beautiful memories in every interaction.
that is the obvious purpose of life for human beings.
i repeatedly find myself living in the future, thinking "life will be great when i have x amount of money ", or "life will be awesome after i move", etc.. i've been dealing with some depression and i am just now seeing that this 'grass is always greener' attitude may have a lot to do with my negative emotions and lack of energy.
i've heard the phrase "live in the moment" probably a thousand times but saying it is one thing, doing it is another.
does anyone have any tricks or ideas of how one can truly be present in life?
thank you for your suggestions!
&amp;#x200b;bob newhart, at 89, performed at the first-ever minneapolis comedy fest, thus continuing a career that’s been a hit on records, stage, tv and film since his first best-selling comedic album “the button-down mind of bob newhart” in the 1960s.
his “bob newhart show” and many others kept us laughing for decades, right up until his more recent appearances as professor proton in “the big bang theory,” for which he received his first emmy in 2013. a korean war vet, bob started off his post-military life as an accountant, then became an advertising copywriter, which morphed into a recorded series of supposed telephone calls about ridiculous situations.
those recordings became audition tapes that landed him a contract with warner bros.
records.
and the rest, well, is comedy-history!
 [ today hannah tells us her story from experiencing anxiety/panic attacks and how she went from these difficulties to now becoming the person she is today.
she explains here how we can overcome our limiting beliefs and become the best we can be.
we also speak in this video of how changing our focus we can overcome many difficulties and move towards a happier and more peaceful life….
&amp;#x200b;betty x. davis opted for a most unusual way to mark her 104th birthday.
she requested that those wanting to celebrate her big day start a book drive to collect 104 books to donate to a local elementary school.
in the short time leading up to her special day, 120 books were collected, fulfilling betty’s wish and then some.
as a former public school speech therapist, children are dear to betty’s heart and their access to books especially important.
when the austin, texas chapter of the society of children's book writers and illustrators sought to honor her with a substantial award on the her 100th birthday, she requested that it instead create the betty x. davis young writers of merit award.
what a giving and caring lady!
in today’s video, i share 6 easy to practice proven methods to reduce your anxiety.
everyone from time to time experiences some level of stress or anxiety so in this video you will hear methods for dealing with experiences where you would like to have a more peaceful and calm mind - thereby enjoying a happier life… these methods are especially helpful to stop panic attacks - please enjoy 😊(happiness now channel) on youtube 😊
i wrote and illustrated a book on how to transform depression into happiness.
here is a link if you'd like a free copy from amazon (expires friday):   [
thanks to internet such groups are being able to connect to each other and helping mankind achieve his state.
is your happiness effortless?
do you just wake up in a positive state of mind?
how do you hold on to your happiness once it’s there?
economics may be a great science for understanding numbers, but it does a poor job of predicting wellbeing.
“when income exceeds a certain threshold, it no longer brings more happiness,” according to the “easterlin paradox.” for more check out  [
struggling to find real happiness and a deeper meaning in life.
i have a pretty good life, fiancé, decent paid job, good working hours, keep myself in shape, i have some pretty active hobbies and a close family.
all the kind of the things someone in a good position has.
yet non of this brings actual happiness or any feelings of content.
now i don’t want to sound like i lack perspective or that i’m ungrateful, because i do acknowledge being in a privileged position compared to others.
i feel the more i dig into this subject the worse it gets for me.
and the better i do in life get promoted in work, make more money, etc doing positive things that typically bring someone happiness does nothing for me deep down.
i feel like there’s an answer or deeper meaning to what’s going on in my life.
does anybody have any insight or advice/similar experiences?
happy to elaborate if needed.
minimalism and similar lifestyles have gained popularity in the past years.
i am interested in testing various popular beliefs surrounding this way of living.
how does it connect to happiness?
[more information and link for participation]( (10 minutes) in master thesis research.
it would mean a lot if you would take the time to participate and help out.

i’m (17f) writing this because i want to know: how can i make a good contribution to society?
i know that this is what will make me happy rather than just doing empty things.
and ideas appreciated!
we take time for ourself.
i am learning to.
first time ever.
to just be.
be one with the earth, rather than working against it.
we learn, we try our best again, we take a step back, we get launched forward, we keep moving.
life is about steady changes by living in the present, living now, and now and now.
every second moving but do we follow or are we going with it?
does waiting for the next experience to occur rather than being in this one right now, deter us from what we are truly meant to do?
i am learning, i am unlearning, i am sharing, i am embracing........faith.
give the time your soul needs; your spirit needs, your body needs.
 i have learned that if we don't take a break when our body is desperately wanting us to, that our body will do it for us eventually.
 give yourself a break.
its ok.
 i love you.
drey &lt;3
i dont have a lot going for me right now.
im unemployed and i've just been bummed out about it.
i stay at home a lot because of it and i've been feeling lonely too, but everytime i get on social media i just feel that connection to society that i really need at this moment.
and i know it may sound stupid but im just glad for all the strangers out there commenting on tiktok and sharing their lives on instagram.
even if i dont know them, they feel like friends because we're viewing the same things online.
am i making any sense?
what's the most admirable trait in a person in your opinion.
fearlessness would probably be at the top of my list
work’s a tough place to be mindful as it sometimes feels you’re rushing from one thing to another.
sometimes that rushing can mean that we’re either worrying about the future or regretting the past, picking over things that haven’t gone as well as we hoped.
how do we make work a happy place to be?
an obvious place to start is relationships and communication.
when things are busy and we’re feeling anxious, that's when our stress behaviours can surface.
we’re less aware of how other people are feeling and of the impact that we have on other people which can sometimes mean we that can say things we later regret.
if we train ourselves to be aware when we’re starting to get stressed out, we can breathe, notice the feeling and tend to our anxiety and anger with kindness.
we can prioritise what we’re doing - is everything that you’re doing a must do?
can other people help us?
the plum village app has a timer with a bell that chimes every so often so you can check in with your breath, your body, your thoughts and your feelings.
awareness is the cornerstone of tending to your stress with compassion.
listening is also incredibly important and powerful in the workplace.
we sometimes get caught up in the ‘doing’ completely and forget that building relationships is how big change happens.
we’re social animals and we have a bigger impact together, so to do this we need to build deep connections.
when we listen to someone with our full awareness, without judging and without jumping to conclusions it’s a genuine act of kindness, particularly if that person is having a difficult time.
deep listening is even more important when we disagree - understanding why someone feels the way they do isn’t the same as agreeing with them and its critical to resolve conflict.
frequently when we feel stressed in work it’s because we don’t feel listened to so it’s important to find people that you can express how you’re feeling to.
it’s reasonable to expect your line manager to listen with understanding and respect - it’s part of their role.
another cause of stress at work is placing pressure on ourselves to get everything right first time and this obviously isn’t realistic, especially if you’re starting a new job.
failure is part of life and key to learning - when something doesn’t go as well as we hoped, its not helpful to point fingers, especially at ourselves.
the important thing is to learn, apply, grow and move on.
i think as human beings for some reason we keep a book in our head of all the mistakes we ever made.
if you’ve learned from the mistake then it’s time to let it go - if you feel your mind bringing out the book of doom and leafing through then rather than being swept away to regrets from the past you can smile to the book and let your mind put it back on the shelf.
and finally what might be the most important, which is looking after each other.
when we lift our head up from everyday tasks we can sometimes see that other people are suffering and it’s important not to be a bystander.
checking in on people by asking if they’re ok makes a huge difference - if you think that the wellbeing culture in your workplace isn’t where it needs to be, just be aware that you have much more influence than you think.
just by asking the question of what we want our workplace to be can open a conversation that makes a huge difference to making work a happy, safe and fulfilling place - which is what it should be.
[listen on apple podcasts]([listen on google podcasts]([listen on spotify]([other ways to listen](
we rush through life.
we always have this pressure, to do better, to be stronger, to work harder, but we forget to give time and space for ourselves.
the roads can get bumpy and thats ok.
we can slip, fall down, get back up, walk a little, slip again and still want to get up; to keep going.
i have realized lately how important it is to put time and love into ourselves fully, not half fasting it, not only sometimes, but to put ourselves first.
the winds are calm, the winds are strong, what is felt will come and go, what we learn stays.
we are present, we are strong, we are weak, we are looking forward to the future.
 everything is done with what we have.
little energy, lots, or none.
push through or give ourselves the time and space needed to breathe, to be.
everything is ok.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
take a step back.
for yourself.
take a breath.
it will all be ok.
we rush and rush and rush and rush, but forget that the most important thing, is now.
all we have.
the now.
 we push through.
life is beautiful.
life can be hectic sometimes but wow, i am grateful.
grateful for the journey, grateful for the highs, the lows, the anxiety, the depression, the joys and everything in between.
love is inside.
we are love.
you're love.
everything we seek is seeking us, but everything we seek is already inside of us.
 internal work.
 through it, day by day, giving ourself what we need, it will all click one day and we will say, wow.
 keep going.
please.
 i know some moments may be rough, i know some moments may be bumpy.
keep going.
the world needs you.
i am proud of you.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
go through this link: nearly every time you see him, he's laughing, or at least smiling.
and he makes everyone else around him feel like smiling.
he's the dalai lama, the spiritual and temporal leader of tibet, a nobel prize winner, and a hugely sought-after speaker and statesman.
why is he so popular?
even after spending only a few minutes in his presence you can't help feeling happier.
if you ask him if he's happy, even though he's suffered the loss of his country, the dalai lama will give you an unconditional yes.
what's more, he'll tell you that happiness is the purpose of life, and that the very motion of our life is toward happiness.
how to get there has always been the question.
he's tried to answer it before, but he's never had the help of a psychiatrist to get the message across in a context we can easily understand.
the art of happiness is the book that started the genre of happiness books, and it remains the cornerstone of the field of positive psychology.
through conversations, stories, and meditations, the dalai lama shows us how to defeat day-to-day anxiety, insecurity, anger, and discouragement.
together with dr.
howard cutler, he explores many facets of everyday life, including relationships, loss, and the pursuit of wealth, to illustrate how to ride through life's obstacles on a deep and abiding source of inner peace.
based on 2,500 years of buddhist meditations mixed with a healthy dose of common sense, the art of happiness is a book that crosses the boundaries of traditions to help readers with difficulties common to all human beings.
after being in print for ten years, this book has touched countless lives and uplifted spirits around the world.
the life we want to live, comes from intention but more importantly faith.
faith that whatever we are focusing on, that what we are putting our everything into it, will happen with time.
do your best, express.
isn't that why we really started creating?
isn't that why we decided to focus on our passions and what is from our heart?
its interesting to me when true intentions are shown, set your intentions before you cross through, they will be shown.
keep doing your best, keep doing what you know is needed from you.
imposter syndrome will happen during it all, push through.
what is possible and what will happen is much more than what we expect or what we even know of.
 why worry?
today: have you listened to our podcast?
30 tips and trick episodes, lots of poetry and interviews with artists and brand.
 i love you.
drey &lt;3
hello!
i am a first-year student at a university and i am looking for individuals to take a quick survey about happiness and some of the elements that affect it.
the only requirement is to be 18+.
the survey is anonymous and data will not be kept longer than 2 months.
the data will be used to achieve a better understanding behind the science of happiness.
link to the survey: [
it all starts with love.
it starts with following what makes you happy.
we can listen to what we are told to do but theres a high possibility that it will lead to regret in the future.
follow your heart.
follow what you know is right for you.
with the ups and downs, the constant changes of life, the unexpected events, the universe etc., why waste this life on doing something just to please someone else?
unlearning and relearning.
we will see what happen, but we don't even need to think, what, when, how, when, why, where we will be, we just have to keep doing our best to be.
be right here, right now.
take a step back.
realign.
come back even stronger.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
the four noble truths of the buddha are simple to express: suffering is part of life, but happiness is possible and we make choices in every moment that lead us to happiness / suffering.
the reason its revolutionary is that it paints a picture where our happiness isn’t an external factor that's outside of our control, it’s something that’s within our reach with some practice, some patience and some persistence.
which is not to say that you should beat yourself up for not being happy - its as important to practice non-judgement for yourself as for others, because every person you see if doing the best they can given their circumstances, including you.
so how do we train ourselves to be happy?
the first step is to focus on the positive.
this might not be where our minds go automatically - humans have a natural negativity bias, a leftover from our our evolution where we’re more focused on where there might be wolves than where there’s flowers.
this is completely understandable as it kept us alive for thousands of years but its something we need to be aware of when living our modern lives.
social media is very focused on the negative because that’s what grabs our attention.
research shows that consuming any kind of media that is mostly negative affects our mental health.
so we need to be careful what we consume.
we can also make a choice in every moment to focus on the good things we have and be grateful for them rather than seeing what we don’t have or what’s wrong.
this takes time and patience as we might be very used to focusing on the negative.
i live in britain and we love to have a moan, especially about the weather but it’s within our gift to appreciate the great things that are all around and regularly meditate on them or capture them in a gratitude journal.
on the flip side can notice our judgmental thoughts arise, listen to them without getting involved or judging and watch them pass without acting on them.
this is how we train ourselves to focus on the positive.
the second step is smiling to your difficulties.
this sounds absolutely crazy - why would you want to smile when things are difficult?
there's two reasons - the first is neurological.
when you smile, even if you don’;t feel like smiling, your brain releases chemicals which reduce stress and lift your mood - so its a very easy way to change how you’re feeling.
that's why we gently smile while we meditate.
the other way smiling helps is that it reduces the power those difficulties have over you in your mind.
when we see anger, anxiety and sadness as our enemies that rob us of our peace then (naturally) we’re afraid of them - we try and block out the thoughts and we run to consumption to help us out, which of course never works in the long term.
when we smile to our difficulties, our difficult emotions and say, “there you are, my old friend”, we accept what we’re feeling without judgement, we reduce our suffering.
[listen on apple podcasts]([listen on google podcasts]([listen on spotify]([other ways to listen](
embrace.
change it up.
see where it takes you.
if what you are doing isn't working the way you want, then change it up and try something new.
we are all on the highway, 1 lane.
we aren't behind, we aren't ahead, we are all on our own time.
divine.
our world can make us think differently, can push us and push us and push us to feel like we have to always be making, creating, engaging, staying in touch........fomo, causing anxiety, fear, depression, whats the point?
anyone who puts the time in, the dedication, heart, blood, sweat, tears, soul and their spirit; "makes it", whatever that means to you.
keep going.
switch it up.
everything has already happened.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
we do our best.
we step back.
we breathe.
we mend to whats needed from ourself.
we then go full force.
we take a step back.
self awareness.
 its important to follow how you feel, not what someone is trying to tell you, not what someone else is projecting, but how you feel.
i now am beginning to learn how to follow how i feel; on days i feel tired after rising, i will now give myself more time and space to be.
its important for the balance of life, to do things for yourself daily.
to fill up your cup and be proud of that.
no explaining, no convincing, just doing.
people pleasing.
we all live with it, for someone.
 i am unlearning, i am relearning, i am embracing.
faith.
everything is happening for the reason its suppose to.
 divine.
keep going.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
[&amp;#x200b;
 a tried and tested strategy to help you cope with difficult situations.
a videos that covers real life story shared by an upcoming leader.
[\#watch]( &amp; enjoy.
[[\#fridaythoughts]( [\#fridaymorning]( [\#fridaymotivation](
for me it’s dessert/coffee pairings, classic movies, fruit and pastries at brunch, and sunflowers.
we can "know" it all or know nothing, what would you rather?
i would rather know nothing.
 what is knowing?
what are we trying to achieve when knowing something?
is it ego?
insecurity?
why does it matter?
conditioning.
i'd rather have the mindset to know nothing then to have the ego to assume that i know everything.
its very interesting how the way we think is how we receive from the universe, but it makes sense.
i am starting to be one with the present again.
in the past few months its been filled waves, up and down and everything in between.
we all feel stuck at times, we all think if what we are focusing on is right, we all are aligned.
 through everything the universe allows us to prepare with, we stand tall, even if sometimes we fall.
i love you.
 drey &lt;3
day after day after day after day after day........we keep going, we keep moving, it doesn't stop.
sometimes i feel like its tough to maintain presence while looking at whats next to be accomplished.
we need time to breathe.
in the moments of everything that we have felt up to this moment, we sometimes forget everything we have been through, even though we have lived it, due to the craze and the overwhelming emotion that is being felt, experienced or embraced........we move forward.
our time as a human has been short, we live through every moment, every second, minute, hour, day, week, month, year, but we still always try to rush?
rush the process, rush the journey, rush the path, when we can only move as fast as every given second, why rush?
through this past year we have all been shown that all we have is this moment, this moment to be, to breathe, to live, we push on.
 everything gets better and remember that through anything &amp; everything, the light always wins.
we have already won.
the rest just has to catch up.
 keep going.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
recently, i have been allowing myself to just be.
giving myself the time and space that i need, that we all need, but we always look past.
space away, space now, keep going.
follow your heart, follow what you know is right with how you have always felt, inside.
give, receive, keep pushing.
everyones voice deserves to be heard.
we all have something inside of us that is unique, important &amp; special to bring to this world.
lets focus on that and go all in, together, separately.
some days are tough, some days are easier, will that stop us?
 of course not.
if you have been struggling to find your purpose, just know that it comes by starting to do things that interest you.
i had no idea i'd be here right now, writing.
i had no idea i'd be here with a podcast, or being open about my trans self.
 it all started with following my heart and my passion to create.
follow yours, please.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
moving forward.
moving fast.
how does this happen?
by being still, release, keep going.
todays world has conditioned us to feel envious, jealous of other peoples success, exposure and what they have received, after putting 1000's of hours into it.
why is that?
insecurity, lack of gratitude, lack of patience, lack of self awareness &amp; lack of faith.
when we create, when we follow, when we believe deep down &amp; i mean deep down, that our path is solely for us and no one else's, thats when life really gets happy, when life really gets bright.
here is the thing; if you know that everyones time comes that puts in an overwhelming amount of work, then whats the worry?
would we judge?
of course not.
would we compare ourselves?
of course not.
keep clapping.
keep working hard.
your time is coming, as is mine, as is every single person that puts in relentless work.
 release expectation and just be.
today: listen to this weeks podcast, number 29 on "accountability".
on all streaming platforms.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
&amp;#x200b;sergio mendes, at 79, released a new album, “in the key of joy,” and will no doubt resume touring (as he has done for decades) once the pandemic allows.
sergio’s masterful renditions, from the upbeat to the soulful, of his beloved brazilian rhythms, as well as those of jazz, are no surprise to those of us who grew up with “brazil 66.” but did you know that sergio originally trained to be a classical pianist?
it is only as sergio discovered jazz, just as bossa nova was becoming popular, that he turned his creativity to brazilian jazz, of which he is considered the undisputed master.
new beginnings.
they can be scary, they can be filled with joy, anxiety, fear etc., they are meant for a reason.
 we all need new beginnings.
to push what we know, to push the path and journey that we have been on.
 to learn new.
to experience new.
either way it will happen easily, or it will happen with resistance.
the choice is all in our hands, at the same time of letting go and letting the universe.
blue skies, goosebumps, changes being made after a long time of hard work.
when it happens, give your hand out for others, don't hold it all for yourself.
our world is abundant, our life is abundant, we are abundant.
every single being.
 we have to do the internal work to unlock that abundance, we all need to do internal work and be comfortable with the uncomfortable.
 the only thing that will constantly stay the same in our life is change, let go.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
try something new.
release the fear of being scared.
everything that is new will cause anxiety, i had that feeling this morning.
i took a step back and i asked myself, is it anxiety because its wrong for me?
or is it anxiety because its a new situation?
having this self talk with myself then allowed the space to realize the empowerment that was trying to come to me.
we are not our thoughts, but we can change them.
confusing?
i know.
its a battle, but lately, i have realized that it doesn't have to be.
 the love we seek is within.
 why do we seek it from the external?
conditioning.
we keep going.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
i’ve been trying to introduce as many people as possible to stoic philosophy and show them all of the things that i’ve learned from it.
one my absolute favorite pieces of this philosophy is the pursuit of supreme happiness, otherwise known as eudaimonia.
eudaimonia translates to being on good terms with the highest version of yourself, which i’m positive is something i think we should all aspire to.
this concept is often represented as a triangle with 3 core aspect to it1. live with areté - this is about being the best version of yourself and making choices accordingly2. focus on what you can control - one of the fundamental tenets of stoic philosophy.
remember that we can’t change what already is, but we can choose what to do with the given circumstances.
3. take responsibility - in stoicism, it’s explained that it’s not an external situation that makes us happy or miserable, but our interpretation of that situation.
all 3 corners work hand in hand with each other to move you closer to a more fulfilling life of joy and satisfaction.
i explain this in depth here and describe how it has changed my life too - [no matter what happens to us, we should focus on what we control, take responsibility for our judgment of the situation, and then live with areté by choosing to express our best self.
take a step back.
give yourself rest.
it all starts with 1 move.
1 move that is different than what we are used to.
1 move that then impacts, influences everything that we have ever even thought we had known.
push forward.
 when we take a step back, we get launched forward, but sometimes we forget on how important it is to take a step back.
dedication.
 i truly believe that we are all passionate with something, that we have many passions to focus on, but we are scared to start, why is that?
imposter syndrome.
 this is something that i have been focusing on for the past months, but now i unlearn daily, to relearn whats right for me; not to say that i don't still experience that daily, but it just means that i am now aware, slowly.
 self awareness is the beginning to the end.
the end of what we have known and the beginning of what we need.
i love you.
 drey &lt;3
it seems to me a video that shows how we are manipulated by capitalism and how it leads us to consumerism through manipulation where it is seen how each person is infused that to be happy they must consume and be slaves to money and they do not realize that only they work for other superiors who are the ones who actually obtain economic benefits through us and at the same time power and well, in reality happiness is in people and what we share and provide us with human capital is happiness
though i know definitions are limiting and happiness is more like a delusion but still i want to know how would you want to define it in its literal meaning.
changes, changed.
we have entered into a shift that we have never even known we needed.
its about pushing our boundaries, its about learning what we have experienced to this point but then realizing that its ok to evolve, its ok to reinvent ourselves.
fear, imposter syndrome, anxiety........it will change everything.
its ok.
everything will be something for even greater than we even know.
push yourself.
the thoughts of being scared.
take a step back.
 the fear is really nothing.
the fear is only our mind trying to keep our mind in one place.
in either, the present, comfort zones or in the past, lived experiences.
 when we release the thought of how things are going to happen, we become connected to the universe that only wants to us really win.
through the staircases, the waves, the ups and downs, we get to a point where we can live in peace, abundance, inspiration; for ourselves as well as for the ones around us.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
2:22. right place, right time.
why rush?
why want to be somewhere else?
why compare ourselves to someone else, when we haven't lived their life, and they haven't lived ours.
lack of patience.
we learn.
everyday.
with a new change of focus, it can always come with a lot of different personal experiences that we have never seen or felt before, thats ok.
it will push boundaries, comfort zones and everything we have ever known.
is it wrong?
no.
when we are learning something new, when we are following our heart, there will be doubt, imposter syndrome, anxiety or even the idea that "we aren't good enough", push through that bullshit.
 it is trying to push you back, it is literally nothing.
creating has been such a beautiful aspect of my life that has turned into therapy, but sometimes i have to realize and check myself to take a step back and just have fun.
 learning.
embracing.
we move on.
today: listen to this week's podcast, uncomfortable into comfortable, episode 28, on all streaming platforms.
 i love you.
drey &lt;3
today is a new start.
love doesn't have to be something that we have to chase.
we are love.
each and everyone one of us.
right place, right time.
we are exactly where we are meant to be.
with the new day, today is our only day.
its important though, to balance it at the same time by creating a longevity mindset.
the highs and lows are all meant for our process.
release.
let go.
embrace.
faith.
the universe is inside, the universe is love &amp; so are we.
sometimes i feel exhausted.
exhausted to the point that i want to give up.
that is when i need to learn to give myself rest.
 give yourself rest as well.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
about five years ago i started regularly writing things i was grateful for in a journal.
i would write simple things that i was grateful for like waking up to the sun, all the way to specific/detailed things like the person's smile i encountered on a walk during the day which also made me smile.
i do this daily, and it's an instant way to set up my day to be in a good place.
before bed also is great as it sets up my subconscious to recognize the amazing things in life.
and from this experience, i created a fun little weekend project to help enhance my gratitude practice and i would love some beta users to try it out if anyone is interested!
it's a gratitude journal based in imessage, so it's not another app you need to download... you can try it free at [ would love to know your thoughts :)
its all out of our hands.
we have control over 3 things and 3 things only.
 our thoughts, our actions and our intentions, the rest is none of our business.
with the highs and lows of each day, with the constant sense of, what is this for?
it doesn't matter.
the universe wants you to win, to be at peace, to live in abundance; we have to put an enormous amount of work in though.
it won't come easy, but it will be worth it.
today is the beginning of your start, today is the beginning of your life.
as is each day because everyday we rise, is a blessing.
 don't take it for granted, put your all into it; then do it again tomorrow, then the day after and so on, with passion and love.
i love you.
 drey &lt;3
as adult humans we’re expected to have aims to achieve and a plan to get there - this is perfectly normal and there’s nothing necessarily wrong with planning for the future.
but problems can arise when we get swept away by those plans and they result in us being stressed and unhappy in the present.
this can happen for three reasons.
the first is expecting ourselves to be perfect.
many people, including me, have perfectionist traits, making us feel as if you need to achieve or maximise your potential.
perfectionism and that attachment to never failing can be very harmful to your wellbeing and self-worth - if you train your awareness with regular practice then you can notice that feeling arising, breathe, take a step back, look deeply into it and tend to your perfectionism with compassion and understanding.
a second reason we get caught up in planning is that we attach our happiness to external factors like success, relationships and consumption.
we make a decision that we’ll be happy when we buy a house, get married, have kids, go on holiday, get a new job - you can think of a hundred things.
we can’t live happily in the future and human beings being what we are, when we get there and actually achieve the thing we’ve been thinking about for so long, the joy tends to be fleeting and can’t live up to how we’ve built it up in our heads.
of course we can enjoy these things in the present but attaching our wellbeing to them in the future sets us up for suffering.
the final reason we overplan is we’re are not noticing the joy and happiness in the world around us.
it’s a bit like watching a movie, knowing that the climax will be in the third act later on and not paying attention to the first hour and a half.
that sounds silly, but we frequently get caught up in the future and ignore what’s happening right now.
gratitude is a key practice in mindfulness and without training our awareness of the present moment we can miss the joy from the people in our life, the roof over your head, your pet dog, your lunch, the chair you’re sitting on.
if you find that your plans for the future take you away from the present and you’re always living in some other time and place, then consider letting go of the vision of the future that you’ve painted for yourself and think about it more as a direction you’re moving in rather than a destination.
that direction should be helpful to your mental health, it should help to build your peace and happiness rather than being built on consumption, achievement or rushing around.
please don’t take any of this as a judgement!
like you i get caught up in plans for the future and rushing around, we all do.
but sometimes we need to stop and taking a break from our striving so we can make aware, informed choices about whether our planning is really good for us or whether we need to breathe, relax and allow things to unfold in their own time.
[listen for more](link.chtbl.com/8mixypfv)
found this blog post about high-performance teams and happiness.
[very interesting intel
heart pounding.
scared.
anxious?
protecting ourself.
the ups, the downs.
they matter.
it starts slow, it starts with constant work and then everything happens.
 with hard work, with dedication, the light is already ours, why?
faith.
 keep going.
keep pushing.
blue sky out, blue sky inside, refreshing.
today, try something new.
try something that you have been wanting to.
with each day it gives us a new opportunity; whats the point of focusing on what we don't have?
its apart of being a human.
we learn through the process, we learn through the waves, we learn through the highs, the lows and everything in between.
keep pushing and whats meant is already ours, on the way.
i am proud of you.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
self realisation - life’s greatest gift - philip wade interview[today i interview philip wade from gateway location.
philip attained a state of self-realisation many years ago and today he shares his experience with us and explains how self-realisation is open to each and every one of us as this is already our true self / our true nature….
“infinite silence is absolute, before time, before space, before concept, before the universal beingness of i am.
it is made manifest in infinite variety.
your form is like a facet of a diamond.
you are the facet and the whole diamond at once!
infinite silence is that which you truly are!
your divine essence.
it is absolute and the animating principle of all that is.
is = infinite silence”.
\#philipwade #gatewaylocation #happinessnow #interview #infinitesilence #meditation
we have our own thoughts, opinions, whats "right", whats "wrong"?
its actually what is right/wrong for us.
it will always be different to what someone else thinks.
as long as we as beings aren't transphobic, homophobic, racist; then we can all have different opinions of different experiences.
reflect, refresh, transform.
 each day we experience new moments; moments we never even knew were needed, that we encounter.
 release expectations.
 i have been trying my best in the past months to release expectations because we truly don't know how anything is going to happen, all we have is this present moment.
we live on.
some days are easier than others, some days are tougher, its all for our greatness.
keep pushing.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
it starts from inside.
that is where the good, bad or the ugly will come.
it isn't what is perceived, it isn't what is seen but only, what is felt.
 the ups and downs, they can all be ups, perspective.
 through the tough times lately i have been embracing how i am feeling, exhaustion, not good enough, the waves, treacherous waters or still rivers, it all matters.
something that i am proud of is the connections that i have made with my inner being but then being able to express it to others.
the beautiful conversations, interactions, experiences, even if sometimes they don't go the way i expect, they still go.
 expectations.
 the root of most of our anxieties, pains of a human being.
subconscious conditioning of what we have felt, lived through prior and now what we are bringing to the present moment.
release, let go.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
new day.
new start.
blessings, every morning restart.
we have been given the opportunity to start a new day, sunshine, live the life you are meant to by following your heart.
sunny day, sunny ride, today is yours.
the past few weeks have been a lot.
with many highs/many lows and everything in between.
we keep pushing.
we keep going.
lazy rides turned into learned experiences.
 when we take a step back and enjoy the nature of life, thats when what we need comes to us.
through the ups and downs, through the darkness and light, traumas and healing, you're loved, you're cared for, you matter, you are needed on this planet.
keep going.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
a few weeks back i posted my [happiness spreadsheet]( for anyone interested in tracking their daily happiness.
in doing my monthly happiness review this month, i wanted to visualize my happiness even more than the spreadsheet has to offer.
i was able to find a nice google chart data visualization that can take all of my calendar and happiness data and turn it into something useful.
here is the result:i am a visual person, so i pumped to be able to really look at my happiness in this way.
i never had a lot of red/bad days to begin with, but i am glad to see that most of my bad days are becoming fewer and farther spaced apart.
plus, there are becoming less white days as well.
if every day can turn into a green…well now i am really onto something!
for me, tracking happiness by giving it a value has helped me to emphasize my happiness day after day: i make better choices.
 i start each day fresh.
 i chose to do more things that make me happy.
 i chose to be more present in the moment (because that makes me happier).
 i chose to do things to make others happy, because i now realize that it makes me happier as well.
hopefully i have convinced one or two of you to track your happiness and if you are interested in learning more, please check out my full update and real-time visualization here: [
just read this article and it made me reflect:  i liked it but not only because of the program itself but because it made me reflect on my happiness.
it is true that we focus on many things that indirectly make us happy, but many times we wonder why we are not entirely happy, if we need something to happen in our life, a new love, a new job, etc.
but we never look for the answer in ourselves.
i hope you enjoy this article and that we normalize practicing joy for ourselves :)
open space to do anything.
it takes time and needs to have hard work with it.
anything is possible, for any place in the world, if someone tells you it isn't then, thats their own insecurities.
 it is easier to project than to do the inside work, remember that.
do the internal work.
there will be lots of ups and downs, there will be lots of moments where you may ask yourself "why me?
", because trust me, i do.
i know though, that everything i have experienced so far; pain, trauma, depression, anxiety, fear, happiness, joy, healing, is for something greater, as for you.
keep going &amp; continue to follow your heart.
 the world needs it from you, as it does from me.
the toughest obstacles will allow ourselves to build the resilience we need to open doors, we didn't know we needed.
ride the wave.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
still waters after a long and rocky ocean with treacherous waves.
we all get to the point where everything is ok, but wasn't everything always?
everything has always been the same way its been but has naturally evolved through our day to day.
our day to day focus, our day to day grind, we continue.
with the ups and downs of life that we have all faced in the past year, its truly amazing how much we can do, when we are in our own spaces and truly shows us that we can do more than what we believe, if we have a little faith.
today has been tiring &amp; writing this right now i am exhausted but i am grateful.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
non-judgment - paying attention to your opinions as they arise.
jkz talks about how the human mind sorts things into boxes - good, bad, neutral.
by taking a perspective of non-judgement and being aware we can take the most joy from the good things, accept the bad things (doing us less harm), and become more aware of the neutral things, realising how much they contribute to our lives.
of course judgmental thoughts still arise but we can simply observe them and let them pass without acting on them.
patience - letting things unfold in their own time.
meditation isn’t difficult to learn but it does require patience and persistence.
it takes some time to see the benefits of it, you need to stick with it.
doing it once a week is helpful but when you make time for a little bit of practice every day for six weeks the evidence shows its actually rewiring how your brain works, you’re training yourself to be happy.
its also about being patience with ourselves, not setting expectations for achieving a standard in a specific time, and being patient with others who have lived their life through a set of circumstances we’re not aware of.
beginners mind - seeing the world as if for the first time and seeing the infinite possibilities.
knowledge can limit our perception of what we don’t know, part of becoming wise (rather than clever) is getting comfortable with what we don’t know.
when we accumulate a lot of knowledge and become jaded by experience we can lose touch with the joy in our lives.
trust - listening to our bodies and our senses.
trusting that if we let go of anxieties about the future and regrets from the past and live in the present that everything will be ok - because it really will.
when we cultivate trust in ourselves through practice, when we build our calmness and peace and live in the present moment  we start to trust other people more because we’re not jumping ahead to what they might do or questioning their motives - we’re existing in the present taking their words and actions at face value.
really listening to other people with an open mind is when we make strong human connections.
non-striving - we’re always trying to get somewhere, always running toward a destination.
but an important aspect of mindfulness is realising that you have arrived in the here and now.
we can’t live happily in the future; if everything we’re doing is to achieve, we sacrifice our wellbeing in the present.
we tell ourselves we’ll be happy when we get promoted, we get married, we have kids, when we retire.
this is the only time we can be happy - mindfulness is called the art of stopping, sometimes we have to ease off with the future plans and enjoy where we are and who we’re with.
acceptance - accepting that things are the way they are.
which is not to say you don’t do anything about it, the idea is that you are aware in the present moment, you see things as they are and you can decide what it is you want to do.
there’s a myth that mindfulness somehow makes you ok with injustice and suffering - the opposite is true!
when we accept the world in front of us, accept people, accept yourself, you can act out of emotional intelligence and compassion rather than anger or fear.
letting go - by identifying the attachments we have we can trace the roots of our anger, our fear, our sadness and understand why we react the way we do in certain circumstances.
once we apply our awareness to our attachments we can start to understand ourselves, we can start to feel compassion for ourselves, then we can start to let go of our suffering.
[listen for more](
my friends, life is not about whats at the end of the road or the final goal.
true happiness is found in the simplicity of living.
a walk around the block, the sun shining with a cool breeze hitting your face.
a nice fresh cup of coffee in the morning ( or any time of day lol).
don't get me wrong getting that new car or finally going on that nice vacation is fantastic as well, but ignoring the small little things we are so fortunate to enjoy everyday you essentially waste a fantastic life.
with it being easter weekend for some i just want you all to enjoy life and be the happiest &amp; best individual one can be.
enjoy the little things ✊
blue sky.
sunshine.
the wind, the birds, the sounds, the smells and the feelings of spring that are close.
the moments of stepping away from what is known, may sometimes push our comfort zones &amp; make us feel uncomfortable.
push through.
the change comes from inside, the change takes time from learned experiences, from pain, trauma, joy, sunshine, and time.
on the journey of life, change will constantly happen to us.
change is the sole thing that we will continue to have to face, welcome in and be comfortable with the uncomfortable feelings.
keep pushing.
keep doing your best.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
new start, new beginning.
internal pains, now turn into internal strengths.
in the moments of trials and tribulations its about knowing that this is all for something greater than what we know.
grey sky, warm air, cold air, blue sky.
we push on.
everything is competition, we have been conditioned to think this way, this is only conditioning.
the world shouldn't be like this.
thats why i am so excited for this new nft space.
collaboration versus competition.
 we now come together.
through what we have known in the art world, its always been battling, which then detriments our own mental health, creates anxiety, scarcity, pressures to constantly perform, create and innovate.
when we create with sole love and patience, those emotions get released and we then create with purpose.
 i love you.
drey &lt;3
we say one thing and then don't believe in it.
less talking, more doing.
 here we are.
in the 21st century, living our life as we please, as we choose to.
remember that we have all the capabilities to live the life we want to, by doing what we want to, the only thing is, is that we have to have a deep level of patience, persistence, dedication, consistency and work ethic.
 remember though, we will have to work hard either way to make it through this life, it will be for someone else or it will be for ourself, with us working for someone else for a brief time, which do you choose?
i chose working for someone for a brief moment, while working fucking hard with what i love to do.
here, i am.
its possible.
everyone can do it.
 i believe that every single human being is multifaceted, that every human being can do multiple things, i don't believe that certain people are "chosen", i believe that once we start following our heart, thats when the universe will "choose" us to move forward.
we are all already chosen.
 follow your heart.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
here is my experience with d.o.s.e method for practicing joy by daybreaker :).
i hope you like it: [
the power of the wind.
the power of nature.
the power of following our heart.
through the stillness of being, through the stillness of enjoying the moment, we are then allowed to receive what has been waiting to come to us.
seasons change, from snow to rain to sunshine, we bloom.
blooming will constantly be different then what we expect.
it will be met with having to face experiences that push our comfort zones, push our boundaries, we will meet fear, anxiety and many other emotions.
its all for our higher being.
these past months have been challenging but i know that with challenging moments, there is growth near, there is peace near, there is abundance near.
how, when?
thats out of my control, i will continue to just be and i hope you do so as well.
 today: listen to this weeks podcast "morning gratitude" episode 26 and let me know your takeaways.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
change is inevitable.
change will happen either way, if we want it or not.
we as the human must be open to the change.
the change is where we will find our true self, lose a part of our self that is no longer needed, what is needed though is the will to keep going.
over the past year of my life, and all of our lives, change was forced onto us, we didn't choose to be where we are now, nor did we even know that it was going to happen, we changed.
change happens if we want it or not.
i am proud of us.
some days may be difficult, but what am i learning is that the struggle comes from the eye of the beholder not from the actual situation itself.
watching rather than judging.
taking a step back when needed, instead of rushing in.
rushing in when we feel like we need to.
life changes &amp; when it does, that is the universe showing us that we are ready for that change, the sole thing we have to do, is embrace it.
do so, life will get good after.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
&amp;#x200b;fred paul, at 84, and florence harvey, at 81, once again found the love they thought they had lost forever.
fred and florence had been high school sweethearts lo these many years ago in the small town of wandsworth, canada.
after high school, fred left for a job in toronto.
when he came back a year later, florence no longer lived in wandsworth and fred couldn’t find her.
each of them went on to have good marriages with others.
yet after florence’s husband passed away and she discovered fred’s wife passed away, florence found a way to connect with fred, mainly to reassure him that things would get better over time.
well, one phone call turned into hours of phone calls, into finally meeting up together, and within 3 days (wait for it) – getting married!
such is the power of love.
rain outside.
pouring.
grey sky.
i feel at peace.
i feel calm.
lack of sleep but thats ok, i can catch up tonight.
i can't catch up on opportunities.
we live a life that we experience many different emotions, light, pain, love, struggle, its all our choice on our perspective.
we are love.
with the change of seasons, the warm weather is on the way, i love the cold weather &amp; the snow, but lets be real, i love spring, summer and everything that blooms in the warmer months.
 we have to go through the rain, through the planting of our foundation to get a point where we bloom.
have patience, it will work out.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
lasting peace and happiness - jolene o’brien interview[today i interview jolene o’brien from (peace &amp; love uk).
jolene had a realization of the self some years ago, today she explains her journey of awakening from deep suffering into a lasting peace.
jolene explains how we too can attain this realization and finally bring an end to all mental pain and suffering - to finally attain everlasting peace &amp; happiness…\#joleneobrien #peaceandlove #happinessnow #interview #selfrealization
for the last couple years, i have been on a journey to test and tweak various methods to track and improve my own happiness.
at first this started off with asking "what is the favorite part of your day?"
at the dinner table.
expressing more gratitude certainly helped.
then this lead to actually tracking my top 3 moments of the day and writing them down in the notes app on my phone.
finally, i was listening to the tim ferriss show's interview of jim collins.
and turns out that jim has the perfect method for tracking happiness.
he gives each day a score and tracks that score over time.
his scale is as follows.
 2 is a great day 1 is a good day 0 is a so-so day \-1 is a bad day \-2 is a really bad dayafter using this system for the past few years, i can say that it works.
it helps me to better gage my happiness levels, and focus on doing the things that make me the happiest in my daily life.
is every day great?
no.
but i am starting to improve my days simply by giving each day a score.
my full and expanded article on "how to track your happiness"  is here: [  if you are interested in tracking your happiness, please check out this post, which explains how the tracker works and has a link to download: [happy happiness tracking everyone!

it seems everywhere these days there are lists and books of "10 things you can do every day to be happy".
socialising, walking in nature, doing fitness, etc etc etc.. but to me these things seem surface candy-floss 'sugar highs' only.
they don't really do it for me.
they don't leave a lasting effect.
they don't move me into a state of 'wanting to be alive'.
i wondered if anyone else felt the same way?
hi reddit,just been feeling down lately.
never ending work routine, no private space to cool down, and constant hussle to save and survive.
it just seems like it will never end.
how do people re-charge and power through their days?
seeking some unique motivation / happiness that will super charge me.
just feels like there's more than this in my life...welcome any feedback / suggestions / thoughts :)thank you
 this years report has just been issued.
it always makes an interesting read and this year, with the impact of corona, is even more thought provoking i thought.
it starts with ourself.
it starts with giving what we need for ourself.
i always thought it was the other way around.
i used to think that if i am there for others before myself then i will receive energy, healing and abundance.
i have learned.
i learned that i was solely checking in on others due to subconsciously projecting my insecurities onto others.
i now put myself first in the early morning.
i have learned that when i fill my cup first, that i am able to give more to others &amp; imposter syndrome still tries to overwhelm, swarm and make me believe that its different.
keep pushing.
 everyday is a new day to our best &amp; thats all we can do.
 in a world where there is so much opportunity, in a world where we can continue to innovate, to try new things, we have to remember that everything takes time.
that everything is a process, that we can only do as much as we can.
 if there are new things that you want to focus on but can't find the time, then take a step back and ask yourself, "am i doing the most that i can right now?"
yes.
 keep going, keep pushing.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
have you had an anxious over-reaction when something goes wrong -  you might think that if a relationship ends you’ll never find someone else, if you fail an exam you can never have a successful career.
you’re imagining all the terrible things that are going to happen, it feels like the world is ending and the house of cards is falling apart.
so what’s happening in our heads?
the first thing that’s going awry is that we’re living in the hereafter.
as humans we can’t live with happiness and calmness in the future - we can only live a joyful life in the present.
when we notice our minds are moving into the future we can stop, we can breath and we can focus on something in the present - maybe our breath, our surroundings or an activity.
as well as living in the future, we’re predicting the worst possible outcomes - out of all the things that could possibly happen, our minds naturally go to the catastrophe.
that's not something to worry about in itself - everyone has catastrophic thoughts and it kept us alive when human beings had to contend with predators and danger.
you probably don’t see a lot of wolves and tigers so we can give ourselves permission to take a step back and think it through.
when catastrophic thinking arises we need to be aware enough to notice the thought and ask ourselves whether it’s really true or realistic.
if it isn’t we can allow the thought to pass out of awareness, without being swept away and without any harm or damage to us.
a third driver of catastrophic thinking is the belief that you can’t cope with whatever outcome you’re afraid of, that you’ll somehow fall apart.
monsters live in the dark, so shine the light of awareness on it - you’ve coped with difficult experiences in the past and you have a much greater reserve of strength and resilience than you’re aware of.
everyone experiences catastrophic thoughts, its natural and part of who we are - but our reaction to them decides whether they cause us suffering or they pass without harming us.
life is full of challenges as well as good and bad days; just because one day is bad does not mean all days will be bad.
one final thing to bear in mind is that is that we catastrophize more when we’re anxious and our mental health is poor, so get a regular wellbeing routine in place with a little meditation and awareness every day.
[listen on apple podcasts]([listen on google podcasts]([listen on spotify]([other ways to listen](
hey guys any ideas, activities that can make you feel happier
its easier to project, its easier to keep it moving on the outside.
the tough work comes from inside.
it comes from going deep inside.
its interesting to me how we as humans know that its the best for us to follow and focus on how we feel inside but we still try to push them away.
i remember growing up and feeling feels about what now is my identity at the surface and thinking "oh, i will grow out of it", i look back and laugh with joy how naive i was.
when things are meant for us, when theres changes that need to be made with ourself, with our path, which is ultimately all for our path, we can continue to battle by self induced numbing, to think they will go away, or things will change, but we are just digging a deeper hole, but sometimes its needed for a given amount of time.
its about realizing how we work as the individual, not what someone is telling us on the internet, lol not even me.
we can listen though and take what is given and transform it into our own way with what we have experienced and lived with to this moment.
do whats right for you.
the world needs it.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
when put into perspective, i am pretty content with life and super thankful.
life is doing alright and i can’t complain.
but is it greedy to want more purpose?
or is the grass always greener?
i may be spiritually lost.
how do i solve spiritual awareness?
normally on a day to day pretty level headed.
any good first hand stories?
in this moment, whats right for you?
thats only something that you can tell.
 we live in a world where we can choose, light or darkness.
 light takes more time to work on with ourselves, where darkness can be more fast to connect with.
when you know whats right for you, then follow it; no matter what the noise around you is trying to tell you different.
its what is in your heart.
if someone hasn't told you this lately i am proud of you, so keep going.
 with the constant shifts of life, we have been shown that we can make it through everything that is thrown at us, together, separately.
 if you feel something different from the energy that you put out, then remove yourself from that situation, from those people and know that its ok provide space for yourself.
when we allow the universe to close the doors that are desperately trying to be closed, thats when abundance, people and experiences will be brought to you.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
we are all unique.
we are all different.
we are sometimes ashamed by who we know we are because its "different" &amp; it challenges us to break out of our comfort zone.
coming into my trans identity over the past 9 months has been filled with every emotion i feel like possible, i smiled writing that knowing that through everything the world throws at me / us, that we still make it through.
the ups, the downs, the hardships, the moments of optimism, the pain, the progress, the happiness, the joy, the anxieties, the darkness, its all for the process.
i am living the change right now, as are you.
please keep pushing.
please keep going.
 we are given the opportunity to try something new daily.
we are given the opportunity to go through the thunderstorms to then share that to others and hope that it provides light for someone else.
goosebumps.
i sit still, i breathe.
i move, i breathe.
i sleep, i breathe.
i am grateful to see a new day.
counting my blessings.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
i feel happy because it is almost summer, and i can finally do stuff again.
hope you guys feel that way as well!
i base my happiness and gratefulness on how others are doing more poorly than me.
so i overthink a lot (i know that might sound ignorant, as i do know almost everyone overthinks).
so when i get one bad grade i feel like shit the next week or but i found out that when i try to think about how others probably feel a lot worse  because they modt likely got a lot more and worse grades.
-i am one of the best in my class, and i’m told by my mates and the rest of the class quite often that i shouldn’t worry as much as i do when i do let myself down.
the problem is that i tend to pray on friends’ downfall, just so i feel better about myself.
altough this does not apply to my very close friends or loved oneseven when i am just in a shitty mood or had a bad day i just think of people that live in an unimaginable hell, like people in warzones or just people who don’t have a family, and with time i feel a lot better.
my question is whether this is a healthy coping method or maybe i’m just a dick and a bad friend and i should look more inwards and get better at dealing with self loathing, relaxing more etc.
we are lonely, we are alone.
whats the difference?
i am lonely on a journey of life that has been given to me, that has lead me to choose.
i am not alone.
i enjoy my space.
i enjoy being with myself and connecting with my inner being rather than having to be around others constantly.
through the time we have been given that as well as has been difficult, we can now know that even when we are with ourselves, that we can push through.
through the times that force us to take a step back, thats when we are being given the opportunity to be propelled forward.
life has been radical and a rollercoaster for me lately but through everything i am grateful for it.
keep pushing.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
everyday.
keep going.
through the pain.
keep going.
through the happiness.
keep going.
through everything that we are given, know that its about giving back.
with the ups, with the downs, its always for something greater.
when we are going through uncertainty, through unexpected moments its all about knowing that its always for something greater than we know, so keep going.
please.
keep going.
don't give up.
today: listen to this weeks podcast "setting boundaries" and let us know your takeaways through any of our social media channels.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
we move forward, we move backwards, we grow, we take a second to pause, we jump forward.
 its all about the process.
here in canada, its been a challenging winter, with many moments of darkness, of pain, sadness but as well as happiness, joy, presence and everything in between.
its all for something greater than right now.
sunshine now.
through the time we are going through, we have been shown that we can push through everything.
we can push through the darkness and everything that is trying to overwhelm, swarm or create imposter syndrome to joke what we love to focus on.
resilience.
 its all for something greater, its all for something more than us, through us.
i believe we are all a vessel.
a vessel to do something greater than our current circumstances by living through the present moment.
keep going.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
it’s easy to worry these days, it feels like we live in anxious times.
there’s big things like health, work, school or money but there’s lots of little stresses that pop up like worrying someone might be annoyed at you or being late.
the happiness and joy in our life can pass us by because our minds are stuck in the future, worrying about what might happen.
fixating on worries can be a symptom of poor general wellbeing, so give yourself a mental health check up - your sleep pattern is key to this but it’s helpful to make a list of daily activities that help you to maintain your peace - meditation, exercise, yoga, creative activities, reading, socialising, going for a walk in nature - whatever wholesome activities suit you.
being aware of the things that disrupt your mental health is also important - caffeine used to drive my worrying but alcohol, tv, news and social media can also have an impact.
the point is not to tell you what to do or what to consume.
the point is that bringing awareness to what you consume allows you to monitor the effect that food, media and experiences have on you and enables you to make informed choices.
setting up a good mental health routine and sticking to it will make a huge difference with worrying.
the second part is being present with what you’re experiencing.
when you have a worrying thought, notice it arising and sit with it for a moment, listen to it.
when we see our difficult emotions as friends rather than enemies and tend to them with compassion we take away their power over us, they no longer can control our behaviours.
we can breathe and allow the worrying thought to pass without acting on it, without being swept away by it.
we can smile to our anxiety and smile to our difficulties.
the final way to tend to our worrying to to look deeply into it.
our reaction when worries are coming up is to barricade the door and try and shut it out but it’s an opportunity for us to find out why we react the way we do and find out where the root of our fear lies.
most of the time, our fear lies in deeply held assumptions or beliefs, created by experiences from the past.
when we shine the light of compassion and awareness onto that assumption, we can ask ourselves whether it’s really true.
taking the time to explore with kindness the parts of ourselves that live in the dark is how we liberate ourselves from suffering.
[listen on apple podcasts]([listen on google podcasts]([listen on spotify]([other ways to listen](
we are all on a rush.
 we want to "get there" and want to get to the destination that we forget that the process is the most important of success.
take a breath.
take a step back.
it will all be ok.
i know times may be tough right now, i know things may not be able to understand why everything is happening, but just know that everything is happening for something greater than right now.
keep pushing.
keep doing your best.
ups, downs, everything in between, its all for something greater, please keep telling yourself that everything is for something greater than right now.
today is your day to start something new.
today is your day to start focusing on something that you have been wanting to focus on.
set the intention, work hard, embrace and receive.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
you say you're depressed?
well i was depressed once and then i asked myself who am i?
what has had my focus that served no purpose to my growth?
well i came up with a conclusion.
i am who i am because of all of my trials and i should love myself for each and every one of those lessons(good and bad).
secondly i realized my focus was stretch thin in many directions.
none of which i ever wanted to go in so i had to ask myself what is it do i need or want from this existence of mine?
to be happy and myself at all times.
not looking for clout, attention, or anyones approvals.
#stopped that asap!
then i started moving away from all the bs surrounding me and then depression wasn't an issue anymore or at least something i can get past once i realigned my energy inwards and ceased to take the outside energies from having a hold on me as they did.
i'm human so yes i hurt, i am happy, sometimes i'm overwhelmed but the one thing i can share is that letting others energies sway you is and will always be your biggest pitfall.
and if you don't realize it for yourself then you will always be quote on quote 'depressed'.
miss me eith all that.
"not good enough", "why would anyone want that?"
"that isn't art", is things i push through daily with my art.
that is the darkness trying to swarm, we won't let it win.
 we all have these thoughts and feelings that we aren't good enough, which is normal but it allows for us to focus on our intentions.
 our intentions will then allow us to take a step back to breathe, to relax, to realign and then jump forward.
if someone hasn't told you this lately, then know that you are seen.
you are heard.
you are loved.
you matter.
keep going and keep pushing.
when we are in the eye of the storm, it can be difficult sometimes to think, why this is all happening, but just know that it is happening for something greater that is beyond our expectations.
keep working.
keep expanding and keep facing your comfort zones.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
if you’re interested to join our team, please comment down below your favorite activity that makes you happy, and a short scientific explanation that comes with it!
:)we look forward to meeting you!
watch this video to see how i set challenges in order to meet my goals and leave your comments.
cheers :))   [what is your goal?
what is your challenge?
- youtube](
when we go through the pain, the anxiety, the sadness, the darkness, the depression; everything that is constantly pushing us back and trying to push us down, one day the tables turn.
one day, we get to the point where all the time, energy, effort, sweat, tears, blood &amp; our entire soul is seen by the universe and given to us 100 fold.
until that day, keep pushing, keep going, its all worth it.
the times we are going through can be difficult sometimes to find the energy to push through the day, to complete tasks and projects that have been created by us but then become a responsibility.
something that helps me is knowing when i am feeling tired and wanting to give up, i take a step back.
to reset.
i go outside and breathe in fresh air to forget about life for a brief moment and just be.
everything that is being focused on right now is for something greater than we can even think of, that we expect, but the universe already knows and thats all that matters to me.
keep going.
i love you.
 drey &lt;3
new day.
new start.
 its a new day to breathe.
its a new day to try something new.
with the many ups and downs that happen during the day.
lately, life has been a rollercoaster, with road blocks that try to overwhelm, that try to become a brick wall, but i constantly am reminding myself that life is a wave.
 life is a journey and thats the most important part of life.
enjoying and embracing the journey.
today can be your day.
if you choose to, so keep going, keep pushing, we are going through some tough times but we can breakthrough and shine through.
it takes work but it will be worth it, i know it.
don't give up.
keep going.
keep pushing.
it will all work out.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
it’s difficult being an adult.
for me it’s the repetitiveness of it all.
day in day out.
the same routines and chores every day.
makes me feel like i’m on a hamster wheel.
it can be easy to resort to escapist behaviour that brings me the feeling of novelty.
especially in this “only a few clicks away” digital world.
somehow we need to find novelty in the everyday.
look at what we’ve been doing (and what we have to do again) every day with a different set of eyes.
only then we can satisfy both needs.
the need for progress in our lives, which comes through the compounding of repeated actions, and the need for novelty and excitement that our brain yearns for.
good luck!
we turn our passions off.
we turn our visions off.
why?
 because of us?
or because of someone else?
imposter syndrome.
we will break through.
i just know it.
goosebumps.
 keep going please.
keep going for that inner child that lives inside of you that is desperately wanting to come out.
keep going.
everything we want is already ours, just push a little harder, please, push harder.
we focus on the future, we focus on our goals, we focus on the darkness that is trying to swarm us, why?
imposter syndrome.
we will be ok.
our voice is what is needed for the world.
with our voice comes impact.
 start sharing your vulnerabilities, i know........ scary.
it is all worth it, please, please, please, i desperately ask you to focus on what you love to do and share it with the world.
 i love you.
drey &lt;3
starting your day off well doesn’t involve a huge amount of rocket science but it does need a bit of patience and persistence.
the key thing is setting up new habits and sticking to them every day, even on the weekend.
the most important of these is your sleep hygiene.
the temptation is to use the weekend for a lie in, but if you’re like me and occasionally get insomnia the answer is to have a set time for going to bed and getting up.
getting into a rhythm in this way means that your body is ready for sleep at bedtime and is ready to rise in the morning.
it’s also helpful to avoid the things that interfere with your sleep like alcohol and particularly caffeine - most of my insomnia (and anxiety) was caused by my coffee habit.
for the same reason its a good idea to keep mobiles and laptops out of the bedroom, they interfere with sleep and they also make it more difficult to get out of bed.
starting your morning with social media, which is designed to get a reaction from us, doesn’t set you up well for the day.
on to your morning routine - some activity as soon as as you get up is helpful.
whether you’re doing stretching, movement or yoga focus your awareness on your breath and what you can feel in your body rather than whats coming up in your day.
you can then sit for a guided meditation, morning is a great time to practice gratitude.
its the one trait that happy people have in common and its vital for cultivating our happiness, especially in the morning when our mind is in a suggestible state.
finally, you can practice mindful drinking and mindful eating with breakfast, paying all of your attention to each mouthful of food, being aware of the smell, texture and flavours, eating slowly and putting the spoon down between bites.
keeping in mind everything that went into it as you eat is another way to integrate gratitude into the start of your day.
[listen on apple podcasts]([listen on google podcasts]([listen on spotify]([other ways to listen](
everyday is different.
everyday is an opportunity for us to learn something new, to do something new.
sometimes i know for myself that i try to force learning something, that i force trying something new and i have realized in the past few days why.
imposter syndrome.
 we have so many things we want to try.
we subconsciously think that we aren't good enough, that we don't have enough experience to start a new venture with whatever it is we want to focus on; art, mental health, exercise, meditation etc., that sometimes we have to break through our own comfort zone.
sometimes we have to push ourselves, sometimes we have to really know what we want to do and push through the negative self talk that is a sign that what we are doing is meant for us.
it all takes time.
give yourself the time needed to ease yourself into that new path and by ease, i mean by knowing what it is what we want to do, and breaking through those boundaries that are trying to keep us in our comfort zone.
today: listen to this weeks podcast "self care" on all streaming platforms.
 i love you.
drey &lt;3
start today.
our lives are rare.
did you know that the odds of being a human is 300 trillion to 1?
 when we think about that and stop for a second to think, we truly have already accomplished everything we have wanted, even if it isn't "physically" there.
it all takes time.
when we begin to set goals and work hard daily, its interesting how the universe, god, source, the divine, whatever it is you believe in will truly bring us more than what we expect.
keep going and if someone hasn't said this to you lately, i am proud of you.
you're doing the best you can in this very moment with the circumstances we have been given &amp; thats enough.
 what is it that you want to start focusing on today?
start it.
 even if you don't know where it will lead you, take one step towards it, keep working hard and keep doing your best with it.
you will be, i will be, we will all be amazed with where it will lead us.
 start now &amp; know that the noise around you is just apart of the journey and process.
you're exactly where you're meant to be.
 i love you.
drey &lt;3
&amp;#x200b;what headline will you write for yourself today?
in other words, how  will you characterize your experience of this day?
as an interesting  one: uplifting, satisfying, productive?
or as a depressing one: unhappy,  woeful, disappointing.
you will no doubt respond with, “it depends what happens today,” or  what happened, if you are reading this at the end of your day.
but  here’s the thing.
much of how you experience your day will depend not on  the events themselves, but how you choose to perceive those events.
what you choose to focus on.
little by little, we progress, we move forward.
 we have to remember its not about doing 100 different things daily, you definitely can, but its about consistency.
doing 1 thing a day towards your goal is better than doing 100 things in one day and then not doing anything more for a few weeks.
stay consistent.
we here the quote "work smarter, not harder", well remember that we can do both simultaneously but the most important thing like we said is consistency.
 everything takes time, so know that you're exactly where you're meant to be, right now.
say it out loud "i am exactly where i am meant to be", keep saying it until the anxiety or rush to get to the next task subsides.
we are going through times that most of us have never experienced before so its ok to give yourself time to rest, its ok to give yourself time to be still; to meditate, get fresh air and just enjoy this present moment.
i am proud of you.
i know you're doing your best, however "your best" looks like, its important for your story and journey.
 you're not late, you're not behind, you're exactly where you're meant to be.
 keep going.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
i have trouble letting go of grudges.
especially if i feel like the issue was swept under the rug by the offender or undermined like it never happened.
i tend to obsess over the issue and overanalyze it.
what are your experiences with moving beyond the past or figuring out how to forgive even the darkest of enemies.
the light of the day, the light of life.
it is important to live your truth.
your truth is what will change the world, it definitely is always met with fear, anxieties, vulnerability etc., we push on, we push through.
in this very moment its difficult sometimes to be present, to be present with our truth but just know with daily focus we will reach where we want to be.
sometimes the best thing to do in a difficult situation is to walk away, sometimes its difficult to walk away physically when spaces are shared, especially during the time we are going through right now.
just know that there are 1000's of people who are seeking you as you seek them.
living as my trans authentic self is definitely met with some difficult moments but i know this is all apart of my journey and my truth.
 you're loved.
you're important.
you're valid.
 i love you.
drey &lt;3
we all love different things.
we all have different focuses.
we all can still remain connected through our own focuses, through our own passions.
life is about learning, life is about listening and sharing.
 we learn more from listening then we do from sharing.
interesting thought?
we have 2 ears and 1 mouth for a reason haha.
today is the day.
to start.
to keep going.
to innovate &amp; to know that anything you put your all into, that you put your soul into, will come back to you 10 fold, 100 fold.
patience though.
 we want things quickly, success, money, fame, longevity but remember that when we want to get there, we miss everything that is learned along the way, which is the most important.
 what you bring to the world is special.
you're special so in this very moment, take a deep breath, take a deep breath and breathe into your lungs the deepest you have ever breathed and know that everything that you're focusing on has already worked out.
 you're loved.
you bring an impact to this world.
i am proud of you.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
we know what we want.
we sometimes don't.
sometimes we think that we have it figured it out.
sometimes we feel lost in the abyss.
with the times we are going through right now, just know that this is completely normal.
no one knows what the hell is going on and thats totally ok.
just know that whatever you are doing, whatever path you are on, that it is special to this world.
if someone has tried to project their pain on you lately, know that it has nothing to do with you.
people love projecting pain when they see others focusing on what makes them happy, what drives them, what is hard in the moment for them but seeing that they have the self awareness to keep going.
 it has nothing to do with you.
its their own insecurities and their own pains.
let them be.
imposter syndrome.
 something i have allowed to condition myself with, is speaking negatively to myself, asking myself, why me?
just know that you &amp; i have an impact to bring to this world.
you are fucking special &amp; ugh i just want to hug you, the person reading this that thinks they aren't enough, that they don't matter.........let me tell you, you matter.
 i don't need to know you to personally to know this.
keep shining beautiful soul.
keep going.
the world is getting ready to open up for you.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
have you ever had a conversation, maybe with your co-worker or a friend, and they’ve been a bit abrupt?
and you’ve thoughts afterwards, “what was that about?
are they annoyed at me?” we can get swept away by that anxiety or anger and not see what’s really going on.
you might go down one of two routes - get anxious that they’re upset with you and think of everything that that you might have done that they could have taken offense to, or maybe you get annoyed and you confront them, throwing a coin or two into the swear jar on the way out.
we can choose to take a step back and not get swept away by our immediate reaction notice the thoughts arising and listen to what they have to say.
then breathe and allow the thought to pass.
notice what feelings you have attached to them.
you can sit with them for a few moments like you would if you were sitting with a friend.
then we can become aware of what judgements we’re making.
we might be judging our co-worker for being abrupt, we might think “what an asshole”, especially if we don’t know them well.
we might be judging ourselves, thinking that we did something to set them off.
maybe we wish it hadn’t happened and try and shut it out of our minds, or maybe you obsess about the incident.
however, we can simply notice the behaviour and notice our reaction to it.
doing this will lead to what is almost certainly the right question: “what’s going on with them?” in all likelihood they may not even be aware of how they’re coming across to you.
so you can give them a bit of space and then ask “hey, what’s going on with you?” they’ll probably be grateful for the opportunity to talk.
of course some people will continue to be rude and abrupt, some people might be rude and abrupt with everyone all the time.
make sure your compassion and understanding isn’t reaching the point where your wellbeing is being harmed.
nothing is more important than your peace.
[listen for more](
anxiety, depression, pain, sadness, joy, happiness, peace, love........life.
up until recently i have always wanted to figure out the answer, figure out the way to make it happen, missing the journey, missing the process.
i am unlearning, relearning.
the moment is right now &amp; thats all i have.
breathe in, breathe out.
everything has already worked it self out, goosebumps.
 if someone hasn't said this to you, then i will say it to you, i am proud of you.
i am proud of how far you have come, i am proud of your dedication, i am proud of your constant work, i am proud of how hard you have pushed through everything; the darkness, the pain, the sadness, the evil that has tried to overwhelm all of us during these times.
i want you to keep going, please, please, please, keep going.
everything is meant for something greater &amp; i know its hard to see why everything is happening, but just know its happening for the right reasons, right timing, greatness.
keep pushing.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
we all have many things that we love, in our own way.
we have passions we want to focus on, things we want to try, goals we want to accomplish, but then we get scared &amp; sometimes shy away?
why is that?
divine timing &amp; insecurity.
 we are all insecure with something.
 it is all valid.
when we make peace with these insecurities by even acknowledging them and allowing ourselves to feel it, thats when we can begin to untangle the tension, stress, anxiety, depression etc., that we have fed into for such a long time, or has been projected onto us.
we learn, we grow and together we thrive.
 through the past several years i have really begun to connect with the universe and with the divine that we are all connected by.
now what you believe in is up to you to decide, god, source, the universe, divine etc., we are all connected.
 allow yourself to be present with the emotions of life.
the ups, the downs and everything in between, we learn, grow and heal through the wave learning growth theory.
 i love you.
drey &lt;3
how to meditate - meditation teacher nico dimattina[nico is a meditation teacher &amp; self-mastery coach based in australia.
after relocating to the usa in 2012, he spent 8 years living between nyc, sf &amp; la where he worked for reputable tech companies such as google, pandora and coinbase.
his time spent living the fast-paced nyc corporate lifestyle left him feeling ‘out of balance’ and disconnected from himself and nature.
his journey led him to meditation where he began learning and mastering many ancient healing techniques, which helped him reconnect to his power and purpose.
since then he has made it his mission to share the tools that were so transformative in his life so that others can be empowered to create positive changes in their own lives.
\#nicodimattina #meditation #happinessnow #interview #howtomeditate #meditationteacher
when we face our traumas, when we face our pain, when we face our anxieties, depression and so on, it won't be met with happiness and peace, it will be met with everything that we were avoiding, until that moment.
i have learned through the past few years that when we face our vulnerabilities, when we face our insecurities, when we face things that make us feel sad, or cause pain, that eventually it will get better and that we are doing the best possible thing for us, facing it head on, rather than continuing to live in fear.
 it does take time and i am constantly being shown and opening doors to traumas that have been deep in my subconscious that do take a lot out of me, but i know its all for something greater.
moment by moment, minute by minute, hour by hour, day by day, we heal.
together, separately.
through our lived experiences though, they are meant to be shared and they are meant to be heard.
the things that you have lived through will always be different to what every single other person has lived through.
 it takes time to share but once you start sharing, the impact that it will leave, will be astonishing.
 our pain, our anxiety, depression etc., is meant to be face head on in our own time and then shared when the time is right, so share, when you're ready.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
when we are vulnerable it can make us feel small, but through embracing and facing what makes us feel small, thats when we grow into something greater than ourself.
 vulnerability used to be something that i used to avoid.
thinking that eventually it will "change".
learning that our truths are always going to be different than someone else truths, focusing on our own is important for happiness, peace, self love &amp; to be one with who we are.
it all takes time.
in this moment, what is it thats making you feel anxious?
what is it that is making you feel vulnerable?
sit in those emotions.
push them away.
with time, it will all come to the surface.
i have learned that everything comes to the surface eventually, when we are ready, but constantly reminding myself that when facing a brand new situation through vulnerability, there will always be feelings of anxiety and fear &amp; that is totally normal, we are human.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
we think that change comes from outside, that change comes from the external world.
i have learned that change comes from inside, that change comes with intention and time.
in the past year, i have gone through many changes of my life, from healing from a heartbreak, to healing from drug abuse, to then acknowledging my trans identity.
change comes from inside.
change comes when we put the work in daily.
 step by step, moment by moment, we can change everything we have lived with until this present moment and embrace the comfort zones being pushed, the vulnerable feelings, the anxiety, imposter syndrome and say this is greater than me.
its difficult sometimes to see, why everything is happening for why its happening, right now, but leading with faith and hard work will show you why it was all meant to happen the way it did.
 once it happens, it will all make sense but we don't need to try and figure it out how its going to happen.
keep doing your best today.
 i love you.
drey &lt;3
i don't think anyone will really read through this but i'm going to start a thread of how i found happiness for myself.
although as cheesy as this may sound, i'm in a low place right now so i want to keep track of everything i've done to make myself happy and for everyone to read it .
1. feb 20, 2021 - this is from two days ago but my friend came over last minute when i was sad and sat in the cold hours to try to cheer me up.
2. february 21, 2021 - a friend bought me ice cream &amp; another one called me till i sleep and makes sure i'm okay.
3. february 22, 2021 - i got into uc santa cruz!!
and played jump ropes with my siblings today.
i suck at it but it was so fun!
4. february 23, 2021 - teachers said not to worry about turning late work in.
college counselor called be and we talked about everything.
i love talking to an older person with wisdom.
i got into cal poly slo &amp; sjsu!
5. february 24, 2021 - went to the upperside of dt in my area and it's so beautiful.
got some presents for my momma and myself a box where i can put all my memories and small collections in.
6. february 25, 2021 - got my momma some flower and celebrated her birthday.
a friend told me i was beautiful &amp; lively, and got me ice cream to cheer me up because i was a bit down.
7. february 26, 2021 - woke up early because i couldn't sleep.
called my friend and he didn't get annoyed of my at all.
8. february 27, 2021 - watched iron man with my friend for the first time and stayed up to talk until i fell asleep.
i love iron man!!
also went to a parking lot and just chilled with my friend while the sun is setting.
people are always surprised of my ability to climb anything that's tall, high, and it makes me happy to prove to people i'm good enough to do it.
9. february 28, 2021 - last day of march!
also went to a mall and got the cutest shirt!
10. march 1, 2021 - first day back to be on track of school.
honestly, i have great, amazing even.
i have all my energy back even so to complete all of my old assignments from last week except for bio, dressed myself up and took some pictures, and called s today for the first time during the evening (we usually call at night) and he helped me with my homework.
we also reviewed interview applications for my club and just made fun of everyone.
honestly, he's great.
we match humor and my siblings like him a lot.
i'm glad i have a friend like him.
11. march 5, 2021 - haven't wrote in the last few days because i've been honestly keeping myself busy and occupied.
i can say though for certain, i'm content of where i am.
i almost finished all of my late assignments.
today i went out with my friends.
we got mcdonald, hanged at this viewpoint, went to target, and got some milk tea.
i was tired the whole time though but i can't nap because i have a scholarship to finish and i promised another friend that i would binge-watch this show on netflix with him.
the funnest part of today for me would probably be staying out late.
i don't get to do that often but my mom didn't notice so that was fun.
12. march 7, 2021 - probably best day so far this year.
i had so much fun and fell down laughing so hard i couldn't breathe.
in the morning i went to the flea market with my friend.
i found a grease jukebox for only $5 that i absolute adore.
i always wanted one ever since i played ourworld which was huge on part of my childhood.
i planned on using the jukebox as decoration only but surprisingly, it was still working.
the whole thing lights up and it even has the summer nights on it!!
after that, i took a restful nap and went to the park with my siblings.
we just chilled played small games and football.
football was fun and hilarious.
i couldn't stop laughing the whole entire time and i was filled with so much joy.
but after that i just called my friend and i did my homework while he does his.
13. march 8, 2021 - today was really good.
my friend picked me up and we're supposed to have a little picnic at a nearby farm but it started lightly raining.
so we rushed hahah to a playground and there was a tiny rainbow.
it was beautiful.
today was beautiful.
i think i'm going to start writing in here weekly, monthly, i don't know.
i know i'm happy and super content with where i'm at now so i don't need to put down reminders anymore but we'll see.
14. march 12, 2021 - a much needed break today even though i know i'm falling off the course (school-wise).
told my momma i was going to school but in reality i skipped my first two class today because my friend came over and got me a tub of ice cream.
we then climbed the fence over my old elementary and just hanged on the playground and talk.
i miss being a kid.
:( went to go eat with my cousins, siblings, and my sibling's boyfriend.
we went to this beautiful place and ate just talked.
i had a great time just opening up myself.
15. march 23, 2021 - been the most stressed i've ever been.
grew so many acne and hardly have gotten much sleep.
but the good news is, i know he likes me-- a lot and i like him a lot too.
(: .
i finally got a bike, it's an old one but my dad fixed it up for me and i've been biking with him to downtown.
i hope this last forever.
he brings nothing but joy into my life and i'm so happy all of my siblings like him too.
16. march 25, 2021 - i went out with him again today.
a bit sad from unexpected news so he picked me up and we hang at the park in fremont.
then we went to go get some ice cream in pleasanton.
how do i even deserve someone like this.
he treats me so well.
i told him i like a particular song and he turned it on louder for me without questioning.
i appreciate him so god damn much.
after that i went biking with my older sister to japanese garden.
i am really glad i got this bike and i love my parents so much for fixing it up for me.
growing up made me realize how many things i took for granted in life.
from now on, i will appreciate everything.
today starting off with my crush, my older sister, my parents, my bike, and that amazing ice cream shop in pleasanton.
&amp;#x200b;&amp;#x200b;&amp;#x200b;&amp;#x200b;&amp;#x200b;&amp;#x200b;&amp;#x200b;
to experience all there is to enjoy (a sunrise, laughter of a child, a great opportunity coming your way) your mind must be free of all torment in the form of fears and regrets.
share your views as to how your life relates to this statement.
it isn't just one.
it isn't one vs everyone.
its about connecting, learning, supporting, being with  a collective of people.
thats how true happiness, success, peace and abundance is reached.
with a team.
i am learning to ask for help.
i am learning to reach out.
i am learning that its ok to have people apart of my vision.
i am always learning.
 if i have been doing it for 2 years, or 10.
i am always learning.
thats the beauty of life.
 that life is about constantly evolving, improving, learning what works and what doesn't; even though we all get caught up in the word mistakes, i believe that there are truly no mistakes.
mistakes always lead to learning, improving, embracing, sitting in or knowing how to do something next time.
in the line of growth, it isn't linear.
 it is a wave.
a wave with high highs and low lows, but all of is important for growth and success.
 all of it is important to improve.
all of it is important for personal development, self care, self love and most importantly boundaries.
release the thought of growth being linear and embrace the wave.
today: listen to this weeks podcast "moving forward in life" - stricly spoken, on all streaming platforms.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
up until a little while ago, i always wanted others to see me how i see myself, but even with working up the courage to share my personal vulnerabilities, i sometimes am met with other peoples ignorance.
i have learned that the only person that needs to understand me, is myself.
 interesting analogy?
creating barriers?
its really the exact opposite.
we can only be are our true self, when we believe who we are is true &amp; step into that truth.
we aren't here to convince, we aren't here to make others see our own way because the truth is, they can only see, when they are ready to look.
others "aren't" ready, because they have their own pain, insecurities and vulnerabilities that must be met with first before embracing who i am/you are, as we all have.
 understand yourself.
 put the work in daily to learning.
i do this, by doing things that feed and fill my soul, rather then trying to people please, something else i am healing from.
 meditation, gratitude lists, being outside, painting, focusing on a new passion, writing etc., try things that you feel in your heart.
 people will understand you eventually or not, but don't wait for their validation/affirmation for you to step into your truth.
be your truth now.
slowly.
remember though, everything takes time and the only thing we can do daily, is our best.
lets do our best.
together, separately.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
how do you feel when someone criticizes you?
maybe it prompts you to start beating yourself up.
nobody likes to be criticized, especially if you have perfectionist tendencies.
its important to think about the source of the criticism - it makes a huge difference whether it comes from a friend that we know cares about us or someone that might have other motivations.
whether the criticism is delivered with kindness or rudeness, listen to what they have to say.
don’t react immediately, breathe.
if you’re feeling defensive just notice and acknowledge that feeling.
its really important to take your time, so you might want to acknowledge to the person that you’ve heard what they’ve said and walk away.
take some time to let your mind settle before you tackle what’s going on.
the golden rule is to treat yourself with kindness, even if you think you’ve made a mistake.
non-judgement is key - you don’t have to take a view of yourself or the critical person; accept that they’re feeling the way they are and that you’re feeling the way you are without judging.
so now you’ve stepped away and now you’re giving some consideration to what the person has said.
ask yourself the key question - is it true?
what good can i take from what i heard?
and that’s up to you - if there’s genuinely nothing of value to take that's fine but there’s usually something for us to learn even if its not what the person was trying to communicate.
the last thing to bear in mind is that there’s a difference between criticism and abuse.
if you are being regularly unfairly criticised in a destructive way you should know that this is not ok.
if they attack you, you don’t have to justify who you are, you don’t have to explain, you don’t have to defend.but most of all you don’t have to argue.
if they don’t listen, protect yourself by stepping back from the relationship - nothing is more important than your peace and your mental health.
[listen on apple podcasts]([listen on google podcasts]([listen on spotify]([other ways to listen](
share what bothers your soul.
share it with the intention of sharing love and light.
sometimes when sharing my boundaries i can get overwhelmed due to holding it in for a little while longer than i should have.
through sharing and time, we learn, together, separately.
up until 7 or 8 months ago, i never had boundaries for myself.
i never even knew that boundaries was such a vital part of being human, being happy, being me.
learning in the past months that boundaries are the root to happiness, the root to peace, i have begun to set boundaries.
 its interesting though because through setting my own boundaries, i have learned that this is something that every human struggles with, that we all have boundaries that need to be set, that we choose not to, sometimes because we don't even know how to, or because of what i used to allow myself to be stuck in, people pleasing.
people pleasing will never lead to your happiness.
people pleasing will never allow you to be your own being.
people pleasing will bring you off your path but remember though, this is all apart of our own path.
its about focusing on what you love to do and with time, i believe we truly learn to begin to put our needs first before others.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
we feel anxious, we feel scared, we feel vulnerable, we feel sad, we feel pain; imposter syndrome.
everyday feeling the differences that have all come to the surface is something i try my best to embrace; through the fears, the anxieties, the depression comes light, happiness, peace and impact.
turning what triggers us into using it as the seed &amp; foundation for our passion, craft, our life, is where healing really is.
 it takes time, everyones time is different.
the best thing we can do is sit still, embrace and just feel the emotions are at the surface or, being pushed down.
 i used to push it down.
i used to avoid everything that i didn't even know i was pushing it farther &amp; farther down.
through time, through constant focus of what i needed; through art, through writing, through exercise, the vulnerabilities all come up to the surface.
once it does, we will be equipped to face it head on.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
ascension meditation with ishtar howell (self realization)[today i interview ishtar howell from ascension meditation.
at age 13, ishtar was suddenly plunged into a deeper dimension of life, experiencing nde induced samadhi in the process of a car accident that took his beloved mother’s life.
the subsequent experiences of samadhi and deep grief ultimately propelled him to pursue enlightenment.
in his last year of high school, he endeavoured to live as a monk in his own home, meditating around 6 hours a day in an attempt to reconnect with the profound mystical experiences that the nde had brought him earlier.
his quest ultimately led him to a profoundly effortless and powerful meditation technique called the ishayas’ ascension and a one-pointed monastic environment designed to facilitate the quickest possible growth in awareness.
shortly thereafter he became a teacher of the practice.
this practice can profoundly change our life, ultimately bringing about the permanent experience of samadhi - today ishtar shares this practice and explains that each and every one of us can attain this state of happiness and bliss through ascension meditation.
\#ishtarhowell #ascensionmeditation #happinessnow #interview
i used to always think that i had to fight through the tunnel to get to the end, then one day i realized that the tunnel is an illusion and the light is always available to connect with now.
 i am not saying that anxiety is fake, that depression isn't real, because that is something i have lived with my whole life, but rather that the mindset that the "light", better known as happiness, positivity, optimism, comes with time, is fabricated.
 it isn't a time where we reach where we are "happy" all the time, "positive" all the time, "optimistic" all the time, "never in pain", but rather that these are all achievable daily, through moments.
it is all about the precious moments we are given.
it is all with the moments we are given to breathe, be alive, try again and try something new.
in the moments, minutes, hours, days, months, years ahead, find moments of light during each day.
when we find it even for a few seconds, it will continue to grow, the more we try and find it daily and with time, the light will always be able to connect with; through the highest of highs and lowest of lows.
i love you.
 drey &lt;3
does anyone get those rare days when you wake up full of life and happiness with no anxiety but dont know why?
dont get me wrong, i have not had bad anxiety or depression but rather a state of long term meh, numbness and lack of motivation where i struggledto get the enjoyment from things i used to.
however today i can feel a sense of contentment all through my body and in my bones.
i'm wanting to accomplish.
i feel like i've had 10 coffees but without the anxiety or restlessness they would give.
does anyone else experience this and is this just the normal that many of us have been missing out on?
what goes on in the body when you feel like this?
hope someone else can relate to this feeling.
&amp;#x200b;pat ormond, at 74, not only finally earned her long coveted b.a.
in anthropology from the university of tennessee at chattanooga, but did so on the very same day as her 22 year old granddaughter, melody.
pat, who had taken her first college course 42 years ago, had forsaken her college education to work as an accountant and raise her family.
pat had always longed to go back to school.
once she retired, she was encouraged by her family to do so.
what a special delight it was to share her university experience with her beloved granddaughter--especially given the particular challenges of the pandemic, which meant their classes all took place online instead of on campus, with the occasional bumping joyously into each other.
although they pursued different degrees, melody’s being psychology, they were able to graduate on the same day, socially-distanced and masked, but “live."
when we feel anxiety, when we feel uncomfortable, the only thing we can do is sit in it, sit still and embrace it.
comfortability doesn't do anything.
when we want to make change, when we want to put the work in, the work will cause us to feel uncomfortable.
it is something that we must do.
we are all here for a reason.
we all have a specific purpose to focus on.
we all have an impact to bring to the world.
keep going.
keep pushing.
through the ups, through the downs, through everything in between, keep going and keep focusing on what you love to do, the universe is waiting for your greatness.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
in moments where life is pushing me back, when life is trying to push me down, when i have conditioned myself to tell myself negative things about myself that is only words and not my actual truth, i do my best to sit with them.
i have learned that fighting back and going straight on defence, won't change anything and it will continue to lead me to speak negatively to myself.
 when we sit in how we feel, and then slowly replace it with kind affirmations, kind messages of love to ourselves; we heal, we change, we progress, we move forward and then eventually with time and hard work, self empowerment.
 my transness is something that i am unpacking daily, with lots of emotions to be let go, with lots of things to be grateful for right now; it all starts right now, in this present moment.
 if things are tough right now, they are tough for a greater reason.
if things are tough right now, its because i am being prepared to face something or receive something with the same equal level of light.
goosebumps.
 we are all on this planet for a specific reason, for a specific impact and we can do it, i just fucking know it.
please, keep going.
please, keep pushing.
please keep fighting.
your sunlight, your greatness, your abundance, your healing is all so much closer than you think and imagine.
when things are at the hardest they have ever been, its because we are closest to everything we have always wanted.
keep pushing.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
&amp;#x200b;
i've just completed the action for happiness free ten day course and thought it might be worth mentioning on here for anyone interested.
action for happiness is a uk based charity.
the details are here i found it a simple, effective course.
it only takes a couple of minutes a day and is easy to use.
what it isn't, is a deep, involved psychoanalysis which will change your whole life in to one of happiness and contentment.
what it is, is a tool to help you make small evidence-based steps to develop habits in your life which, over time, if you continue to use them, will set you down a road of gradually increasing happiness.
i would recommend it to you 🙂
all we have is this present moment.
this moment right now is all that matters.
i am very big on creating goals.
something i used to be so focused on though, is being obsessed with the destination, rather than the journey.
 the journey is where everything is learned.
the insecurities, the struggles, the pain, the sadness, the anger and everything in between.
daily, i meditate, i get outside, i stretch, i write gratitude lists &amp; know that the energy you put out, the universe will give it right back 10 fold.
everyday, its our chance to start something new.
everyday, we are given an opportunity to face our insecurities, our pain, our struggles.
to take 1 step towards doing something daily that makes us feel uncomfortable.
through time, through daily work, we can heal, we can do more things than what we think that we are scared of.
in this moment, you are loved, you are cared for, you impact the ones around you but as well as the world.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
&amp;#x200b;paul mccartney, at 78, launched his latest album, mccartney iii, recorded while he was in isolation like so many of us during this pandemic.
but few of us were able to write songs and record them playing nearly all of the instruments ourselves as did paul.
this is actually nothing new for the affable, mega-success paul.
he followed the same pattern on mccartney, his first solo album – without the added challenge of a global pandemic.
paul’s career is so well known, there’s little need to repeat it here.
suffice it to say that we are lucky indeed to still be graced with paul’s talent and creativity, lo these many years post-beatles.
have you ever remembered something embarrassing that you’ve done and thought “you idiot”?
or worse?
everyone does to some extent - its very ingrained in us to regret things from the past, to see ourselves as not meeting some standard and as a result we feel miserable and anxious.
its hard to stop your inner critic focusing his or her attention on you.
it might be around your job performance, how you look or how you interact with other people.
learning to practice non-judgement can, over time, make a huge difference.
the first step is training your mind to be aware of your mind, of your thoughts.
practicing awareness through a little bit of meditation every day will help you to tune in to the stream of thoughts passing in and out of your consciousness.
next is knowing what to do when you realise you're having judgemental thoughts about yourself.
we probably feel sad, anxious or angry at ourselves and we might try and push the thought away.
but to get our inner critic to relax, what we really need to do is to listen.
listen to what its saying and ask yourself whether it’s true.
if it was happening to a friend, what would you say to them?
you’d probably comfort and reassure them - you should be as kind to yourself.
take a step backwards out of the storm, breathe and observe.
observe the criticism without reacting.
notice what feelings you have associated with the criticism without being swept away.
accept the critical thought without agreeing, just noticing that it’s there.
finally i would invite you to look deeply into where the self judging comes from; the origin probably isn’t whatever perceived mistake you’re berating yourself for.
what really drives your self criticism in this context?
it might be an attachment to some past pain, something that happened in your childhood, it might be a relationship where you learned the habit, it might be something in your culture or a specific belief about yourself.
we can be afraid to lift up the stone because of all the creepy crawlies that might come out but it’s the only way to truly liberate yourself from suffering.
[listen on apple podcasts]([listen on google podcasts]([listen on spotify]([other ways to listen](
have you ever felt like you’re never going to be happy?
like that thought of life is just not for you?
you see everyone around happy and you feel like you’ll never be like them?
have you ever experienced this but life proved you otherwise?
are you now happy?
is what i’m feeling now real or am i going to realize these past few year of sadness were  only temporary?
we are all powerful.
we can all achieve anything we want to achieve in this life.
we can set goals and have the results come to us 10x faster than what we expect.
the most important part of reaching that is consistency.
 working hard daily towards those goals, be that for 10 minutes or 14 hours.
its up to you.
with the amount of work that is put in, it will be received back 10 fold.
when we start a new path, when we start a new journey, start focusing on a craft, hobby etc., we have to love what we are truly doing.
makes sense right?
start doing what you love to do.
 what do you love to do?
 that starts by trying many different things.
when i first started my creative path it started with taking photos on my iphone.
from that it lead to starting to do portrait photoshoots, to painting, digital design etc.
with the open mindset of always welcoming new creatives.
start by trying something that you love to do, that you been wanting to do.
if you continue to focus on it daily, the universe will guide you to innovation, abundance and healing.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
we look to others, when we really we should focus on ourself.
when starting something that is different from the people around us, the generations of a followed structured plan, etc., it will always be difficult but through the process and the journey is where we learn how to maneuver through.
when we support ourselves, everything will work out with time.
divine timing &amp; patience.
 everyday is a chance for us to learn something new, to face something we never even knew we needed healing with or to do something for ourselves first, to heal a little bit more.
with every rep, with every moment that we fill our cup up first, it will lead to then being there and helping out others, even more than if we did it the other way around.
for the past 23 years of my life up until 4 or so months ago i was always there for people but i had it confused.
this was people pleasing, where i was projecting insecurity through the subconscious expectation that they would be there for me as well, when needed.
now, i unlearn and relearn to put myself first everyday.
1 step back, 2 steps forward, 2 steps back, 3 steps forward, 4 steps back, 5 steps forward etc.
patience.
 self awareness is the beginning to healing.
keep doing your best.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
i’d like to hear some of your happiest memories of sitting somewhere and just going “oh wow this is beautiful”these moments can be fleeting but i know my memories of them stand out
&amp;#x200b;betty jenkins, at 82, is a firm believer that work, along with a positive mind-set, is what gives us purpose--and that as long as we can work, doing so helps us to stay healthy and happy.
a registered general obstetric nurse, betty delivered babies for 23 years before becoming divisional nurse manager of obstetrics at national women’s hospital.
she then went on to a job setting up home care organizations.
she did that for 20 years and now sets up home care organizations on a per-contract basis.
it's work she loves.
in addition to that, betty--a mom, grand-mother and great-grandmother--also volunteers at her local church, and travels to cambodia several times a year to serve with an organization dedicated to the health, well-being, and education of local communities in need.
what a marvelous example for us all.
here's a suggestion for a good paper to have a look at.
promoting gratitude as a resource for sustainable mental health: results of a 3-armed randomized controlled trial up to 6 months follow-upi was quite impressed with it.
it is a randomised controlled trial - so a good quality methodology.
it shows fairly convincingly that the intervention works.
it also has follow up of 6 months which is really cool.
finally, the actual intervention is fully described in table 2 so you could easily follow this program yourself.
my compliments to the authors.
the main weakness of the study, as acknowledged by the authors, is the unrepresentative sample.
but every study has some weaknesses....i think i might start the 6-week gratitude program myself next month and see if it works for me.
i'll be interested to hear any thoughts 🙂
feeling sore.
trying again.
when we workout, muscles, mind, spirit, we will get tired with constant work.
is the soreness really real?
or is it our mind trying to play a trick on us to avoid the progress and growth that can be achieved today?
its your call.
 no one can tell you to not try it again if you are feeling sore, if you are feeling tired, if you are feeling weak, thats only you; on the contrary though, we can find the strength, the willpower, the resilience to keep pushing and do even better than we had expected in doing prior.
it takes time.
everything does.
thats life.
go harder today.
 fuck those feelings of soreness, of self doubt, of those things that are only a bump in the road that are trying to make us think its a wall; that is only an illusion.
push harder.
a few things that help me push through daily is starting my morning for me.
giving myself moments when rising to stretch, meditate, get fresh air and look at my phone as less as possible before i spend moments for me.
today: get outside.
give yourself time and space to breathe fresh air into your lungs.
tell yourself everything is ok.
everything will be ok.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
i started taking photos.
i started with a focus of knowing that the status quo is not what was apart of my journey and process.
it is only apart of moving forward to focus on my passions, my craft for longevity.
i have learned over these past 3 years, how important is to focus on what i believe in and to ignore the noise of the world that will say otherwise.
focusing on what i felt down in my core, in my subconscious to know that there is something greater from what is in front of my eyes.
faith.
 through the 100's of late nights, the sleepless or lack of sleep, the days of finding the sun inside to keep going, faith, has always gotten me through and will constantly.
believing in something that isn't "in the real world".
when i lack motivation in something, i pivot to something else.
 i have learned that when i am lacking motivation, it isn't technically something that has to wait to come back, its a sign to start focusing on something else and then with time (short or a while), the motivation for what was being focused initially will come back, maybe not though and thats ok.
today: give yourself space today to breathe.
to take a step back from the pressures and to enjoy where you are right now.
i love you.
 drey &lt;3
breaks.
pausing.
stopping.
taking a step back is realistically taking the biggest step forward.
something that is difficult for me, is stopping, is taking a break, is pausing, is stepping away when i feel like i am running low on energy.
i am embrace it all because i know, when i truly need to stop, i will for my own mental health, to breathe.
this is something that is difficult for me because sometimes it makes me think, is my mind playing tricks on me?
am i closer to where i want to be and this is only trying to push me back when i am the closest i have ever been?
or do i actually need a break?
thats up to me to take it all with a grain of salt.
 either or, we push on and with taking a brief moment, to get fresh air, meditate, eat, drink water, play video games, shower; it will always lead to coming back stronger than i was prior.
 breaks are important.
taking a minute for ourself is important.
when its needed?
 well thats always different.
be aware but don't be too aware because then feeling overwhelmed could cause you to want to do nothing at all.
breathe through it all.
the highs, the lows and everything in between.
we conquer, we accomplish and we thrive.
together, separately.
with love.
today: listen to this weeks podcast #19 perception vs perspective on all streaming platforms and share it with a friend or family that needs to hear this weeks message.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
there is something you know, that someone else doesn't.
there is something someone else knows that you don't.
its how life works.
we learn how to accept, embrace and know that we are doing our best for our own path and that we can incorporate someone else's practices into our own, in our own way.
when starting a new journey, we start with 0 knowledge.
everyone does though.
why beat yourself up?
why be hard on yourself?
we can only do our best and thats all that matters.
 i have learned over the past week, how needed giving myself time and space is.
it is something that is very difficult for me, to give myself a break, to pause, to try to really just have fun, rather than thinking i am wasting time.
its ok.
i am learning and i am grateful for these emotions.
all in all, it keeps me going, but sometimes i can feel the pressure, i can feel the added stress.
we live in the present, by doing our best, never resented.
 hope you had a lovely weekend.
hope you gave yourself time to breathe, to be still and to be present.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
hi everyone i am new here ,always wanted a platform to let my thoughts out and what better way than to treat my thoughts to you fine people of reddit.
this has been going on around for sometime in my mind ....we often enjoy and good times and try to forget our bad ones....and by forget i mean faze out or try to get rid of them completely when these are the things that help us feel the sensation of pain.....the best things in life come after pain.....even the greatest feather of humanity....intercourse cannot be performed without some degree of pain in the pleasure and vice versa....this quarantine was as difficult for me as it was for the rest of u lot...we have had the privilege to have a 1 year extended vacation with our family....yet all we have done is complain like a bitch....its not because we are bad people.....for the most part....but our body and mind craves suffering somewhere deep in our mind so that we have some sort of pleasure waiting for us.......life without suffering is like soul without a body.....a soul without a body doesn't have diabetes obesity cancer headaches but don't we rather want to live and suffer and not be like a soul without no pain...
anyways hope you could see a different perspective on life like i did......thanks for reading 🙂
one of the grim features of modern life is loneliness - we can be in a crowd of people but still feel alone, all of us lonely together.
that feeling is something that we're afraid of; the fear of loneliness can be worse than the feeling itself, resulting in us trying to distract ourselves with other things.
when we’re feeling blue we distract ourselves by turning the tv on, having a snack or a drink, or going on youtube.
consumption will make us feel a little better for a moment but only makes the problem worse in the long term, even social media is something for us to consume rather than offering a real human connection.
to begin to tend to our loneliness we can focus our awareness on how we’re feeling.
we don’t have to be afraid of loneliness, it’s a normal part of the human experience.
we have evolved as a social animal, so when we’re spending a lot of time alone or we’re not making a real connection with others we’re motivated to come together.
shine the light of awareness on the feeling, listen to it.
as crazy as it sounds, loneliness is your friend and is just looking out for you.
its also worth being aware of how we feel about making new friends.
everyone has anxiety around meeting new people which can get in the way of connecting with people.
we wonder what people think about us, we worry that we’re  being judged, we build it up in our heads until the point where we think that it’s better not to try.
but we can get around this block by accepting that we’re feeling anxious about meeting people and examining whether our fears are true.
for example - will people really judge us, or will they just accept us at face value?
practicing compassion and becoming interested in other people is the most important way to tend to our loneliness.
when we develop our calm / peace, we start to focus less on ourselves and more on others.
we notice their needs and see the everyday suffering of other people.
we feel compelled to act and to help that person, even if the help is just listening deeply without judgement.
when you really listen and allow someone to empty their heart, that's when you can really make a human connection.
[listen on apple podcasts]([listen on google podcasts]([listen on spotify]([other ways to listen](
we start off not knowing anything.
do we really ever?
 life is about lived experiences.
its more important than a degree or diploma.
lived experiences will then give you the tools to be able to face what is needed that isn't learned through books.
when putting it in those terms, its interesting isn't it?
its interesting how we think we need to go to school to be successful and hey, if thats your focus then go all in, but for the ones that are going to school because they are told to.
that, that is the only way they will be successful, i call bullshit.
 lived experiences will forever be the most important part of life.
for me, i found myself by going to school, but by realizing that the life that could be followed after was not for me and was never for me.
a little hypocritical?
or is it exactly what i shared initially with a narrow focus?
lived experiences.
 through school, it made me focus on everything i was passionate about that had nothing to do with school.
through school, it made me focus on who i am and now leading up to this very moment, where i can proudly say that i am trans.
 we all have different paths, we all have different journeys, but we all can relate to one another in some way and use another perspective to influence our own, for us all to grow, together, separately.
today: be kind to yourself.
be gentle on yourself.
you are doing your best.
i am proud of you.
keep pushing.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
when we start something new, when we start focusing on something that we want to, there will always be noise from the crowd.
there will always be thoughts that will go against what your beliefs are.
family, friends etc.
do it anyway.
with the one life we have, there really is no point in holding back.
yes, things take time and we can't "just be there", because then we would miss all the wonderful things along the way.
being trans has been a blessing, its been filled with lessons though moments where i am asking, "why me?".
totally valid.
it takes time.
we are constantly learning.
we are constantly evolving.
through anxiety, depression, pain, sadness, that is how we bloom.
with time.
share thoughts, stick with them but also be open to receiving.
 we all can learn from each other, ultimately its all for healing, progression, and improving ourselves as well as comforting others.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
&amp;#x200b;the advantage to defining hope as “have only positive expectations” is  that it gives us a practical application of what can be an otherwise  amorphous experience.
it is, after all, easier to come up with a thought  than it is to generate a feeling.
you can come up with a positive  expectation without having to feel it.
it’s all about giving negative emotions less of your focus so that you  can go forward into your day with thoughts that develop into pleasant or  more pleasing events.
the more you focus on what you can expect  deliberately, with positive intent, the less you will let your unhappy  emotions drag you down.
&amp;#x200b; cicely tyson, at 96, mere days before her passing, was giving yet another dynamic interview with her usual verve.
she was every bit as vibrant and beautiful as she was in her early 20s when she was discovered by a photographer for ebony magazine, which launched her modeling career.
modeling quickly morphed into a phenomenal acting career, which cicely pursued year in, year out, on stage, television and in feature films.
most recently, even through the pandemic, cicely had a recurring role in the tv series "cherish the day," and portrayed alice in the feature film, "a fall from grace."
her support of civil rights, along with her accolades and awards too numerous to include here, are well known.
suffice it to say that cicely is a shining example of “happy, healthy – dead” in that she lived a full rich life of passion and purpose right up until her exit from this mortal plane.
thank you, cicely, for your brilliant inspiration.
a place where science meets happiness.
articles and studies about happiness, or activities and projects along with a comment explaining the science behind why these activities are good for us individually, for the world, and for humanity.
a place where science meets action to inspire us all into building a brighter future.
it will happen.
everything you want and everything you didn't even know you needed.
i am not talking about materials.
i am talking about peace, happiness, presence, humility, empathy, compassion, healing, acceptance, embracing &amp; self empowerment.
when we focus on our goals daily, it can be easy to get caught up in them.
a year or so ago that used to be me.
i used to get caught up in the destination, while only enjoying a moment of the journey, when the journey was the only thing that i knew.
focusing on the materialistic aspects of life; "fame", "money" etc., i learned from those focuses through insecurities such as: lack of self, lack of identity, lack of peace, lack of happiness, looking for validation/affirmation from others, when realistically all we already need, is inside of us already.
those insecurities still lie with me, as i am now unlearning and relearning daily, through grounding, presence, patience, gratitude, empathy, compassion, self love, self care, meditation, journaling etc., self awareness.
we all become aware by living through our own insecurities that we all have.
i used to really care of everyones opinion, rather than my own.
going through all of that allowed for me to focus on myself and focus on what i am passionate about, rather than what others expect from me.
it takes time.
i am grateful for the time it has taken.
give yourself that time as well.
i love you.
drey &lt;3
dear subscribers,i have just taken over r/success and i plan to make it grow.
it will take some time, but my vision for it: how to be successful in life in general.
-mindset -inspirational articles and videos -interviews with successful people -tips and advicecontent submitted must be of quality.
short articles that simply name some concepts without going into enough depth will be removed.
post content from successful people, not wannabes.
if the content is from someone young and unknown, it better have something really interesting to it.
for the time being: -	please report smam -	feel free to contributethanks
hi, just a quick question:i have 4 creative tasks that i would like to dedicate myself to.
the problem is that after books like the one thing etc, there is the argument that one should dedicate themselves to one task only before moving on to the next.
the 4 tasks i would like to dedicate myself to are:1 - writing a novel.
2 - learning game development and making a game.
3 - learning a daw (studio one) and making an album.
4 - writing a 2000 word monthly column for my website.
at the same time, i would like to read 1 book per week.
with this in mind, is it 1) better to work on the above 4 goals simultaneously per day (multi-tasking), or b) dedicate 1 week to each task before moving on to the next (the one thing)?
i think option b) might be the better solution.
what do you think?
i suffer from adhd and depression and aspergers.
o find it really difficult to concentrate so i did crap in my exams, ended up getting an office job after high school, then quit because i found it difficult to concentrate.
and now i’m without a job.
i’m kind of jelous of some of my friends who went to good universities and now have good jobs in banks etc.
i always look up to entrepreneurs who have self made businesses.
so i was just wondering, if i can’t even handle an office job; could i ever be an entrepreneur or is that just a pipe dream?
i mean i can’t get organised or motivated to do anything so it feels like all these aspirations and dreams i have are just mental masturbation.
&amp;#x200b; rewriting your successamazon best selling authorattn: entrepreneurs looking for massive confidence and financial freedom“free book reveals how anyone can rewire their mind for success to create financial independence”rewiring your success is the most brilliant work on the market today.
using his own success story, john describes how anyone rewire there mind for success to create financial independence regardless of the economy.
john teaches people all over the world how to identify there limiting belief and rewire yourself for success,discover your superpower…become the master in 1 skillset…and use 20 secrets of the most successful people which john has applied and have been proven, using those to create wealth in their jobs, businesses, or entrepreneurial ventures.
unlike most business books that expound on theory and paint motivational pictures, john provides fast-beating knowledge with clear directions on exactly how to make money, keep money, and raise massive wealth with confidence.
the book is very clear, straight forward without any gimmicks to the point of how one can uncover from zero to have the expert skillset and dominate the niche by solving a problem in the marketplace, how one can create massive wealth and multiple flows of income by following…the success pyramid, the book is exploding with all the techniques john used to become a multi-millionaire.
john is on a very clear mission to create more successful entrepreneurs and allow them to see there full potential that will compound to create the greatest lift of overall global fortune.
define:the more detailed the decision is the better your result.
what exactly do you need to decide?
alternative:get creative here, there might be another alternativeare their any alternatives?
goal:what is the desired outcome or goal of your decision ?
rank:what is the outcome or outcomes worth?
rank them trade off:eliminate outcomes that are worth the same summarise:you should have a clear winner now for your decision.
if you still don’t consider the consequences both first and second order.
those are the instant results and the later results.
sometimes worthwhile things are painful at first.
such as the gym.
imagine yourself having made that decision.
does it feel right.
you should be happy with it now .
if your not then you need more details in the decision and outcomes .
not all decisions will work out.
even for the best of us.
but we win or we learngood luck
i worked hard in my first business.
but i never knew how to work smart, not hard.
i did well financially but still, i didn’t work smart enough.
i want to try and explain how to increase output without breaking your back.
i also made an audio to help you remember these principles fast.
(combining text-based and auditory information helps retention.)
here is the link: ## my story of working hardin 2005, i created my first business: a russian translation agency.
i would wake up early, walk the dog, kiss my wife and son, and go to work at 5 am.
and i would return around 9 pm.
when i had urgent translation projects, i would sit translating for 18 hours straight.
no rest.
just quick unhealthy snacks.
on average, i worked about 90 hours per week for about 14 years.
with this hard work came two results.
## result 1i felt happy, probably at a level 8 out of 10. i loved what i was doing because i’m passionate about languages and translation.
and as a workaholic, hard work made me happy.
## result 2i built a solid business employing several people.
and i was doing pretty well financially.
arnold schwarzenegger wrote:“i’m a great believer in hard work, grinding it out, and not stopping till it’s done.”## realization 1: i worked hard but not smart enoughyet, here comes the big “but.” i worked hard all right, but did i work smart?
say, i had a press release to translate.
and at the same time, i had to work on participating in an upcoming translation conference.
and i would always choose to translate the press release, even though i could delegate it to a colleague.
as a result, i was missing out on opportunities for marketing and growing my business that the conference presented.
a life coach pam blanchard said:“working hard has little importance unless there’s value in the work that you’re doing.
anything we do hard in our life should fuel us, not deplete us.”## realization 2: “get rich quick” mindsetstill, there is a second big “but” on top of the first one.
yes, i should’ve worked smarter.
but it doesn’t mean that i should’ve not worked hard.
people tend to misinterpret this principle.
they believe smart work is more important than hard work.
they see other people get rich quickly and it looks like a result of smart work alone.
like writing a hit song.
but what they don’t see is years of hard work that came before writing that one song.
## how to work smart, not just hardhoping to succeed by working smart and avoiding hard work is a bad idea.
it devalues hard work.
but working hard without thinking is just as bad.
see, they are both important.
and we need to hit the sweet spot.
to do so, we can discuss our strategy with a devil’s advocate—as a sanity check: a parent, a friend, a mentor, a coach, an accountability partner, etc.
in my example, they would’ve told me to invest hard work into growing the business.
that’s how i could’ve gone from 8 points to 10 points on the happiness scale.
## actionable tipsmy first tip is to work smart, not just hard: have the right strategy for your business.
second, make regular appointments with a mentor to review your strategy.
\_\_\_tl;dr; : my workaholism taught me two lessons about how to work smart, not hard.
use them to start making more money in your business today.
i will graduate with business degree.
13 years ago i dropped out of school failing, trying hard to balance a mental focus that was out of sorts, a new marriage, and the burden of unsuccessfully reconciling emotions tied to abuse.
i spent those years toiling away in retail, working my way up, through communities of people who believed in me more than i believed in myself.
and then i succeeded, and again, and then again.
with each milestone i kept ringing an imaginary bell and with each ding i believed a little more.
then opportunity knocked, a cheap option to start over and finish.
instead of art, i went to business.
i saw it through, again ringing a bell in my head with each class completed.
and now here i am graduating with a 3.868 gpa, a straight a student, i will show my boys what dedication to a goal can do, as my name is called.
i am better than those who tried to keep me down, and i'm stronger than the pain inflicted.
tuesday i will hear back from the first of a few schools i've applied to for my mba.
this was me, my effort, and my determination, supported by people who actually love me, not what i can do for them, but for who i am.
i am a success, and it feels good.
edit: a word
here are some tips
“knowledge is power-when you use it constructively.”
why is it that some people achieve great success in life while others with the same talent never reach the same heights of accomplishment?
could it be something as simple as mindset?
believe it or not, your commitment to maintaining a positive mindset during good and bad times can have a potent influence on how successful you are at what you do.
mindset is values, attitude, and beliefs.
your mindset determines how you respond to various aspects of your life including the decision to grow personally and professionally.
your mindset about your strengths, weaknesses, and past experiences dictate how well you respond to setbacks, failures, stereotypes, successes, and triumphs.
&amp;#x200b;
hello everyone,i wanted to share this question with all of you because it has been with me for a while now and i am at a crucial part of my life where i need to choose what i want to become.
i graduated from highschool in germany last spring.
finished second best in my school in that year.
school was never really a problem foe me, i did not put in as much work as i could have (mostly didnt do homework) and yet finished with extraoedinary results.
i have always sort of known my path, didnt care about others opinions and went my way because it worked well.
i never was popular but i got along well with most people and had my share of good friends.
now, for about 2 years now, my mind is constantly occupied with success and how to achieve it.
success for me mostly means earning a shitton of money and being free.
i see so many people that achieve more than me while being my age and it scares me.
it scares me to be the one behind everyone else whilst in school, i knew how to succeed and surpass people.
now when it comes to making money, i lack that knowledge.
i have started questioning everything.
am i charismatic enough?
persuasive enough?
is this wrong or right?
whats the right way to handle xy?
and so on...i look at other people and i wanna be like them and it felt like i was loosing my personality that sort of always guided me.
i overthink everything.
how i handle every single conversation and action daily.
i know i shouldnt compare myself to others and i figured out i should focus more on myself and my own personality and genuity rather than trying to copy seemingly successful people.
it is hard though.
i am currently taking a gap year in australia, and whilst being completely different to qhat i expected, its a great experience that challenged me a lot and brought me to my limits but its also very maturing and changes me.
i will come back in may and i still dont know wheter i should go to uni (and study psychology oe something business related) or if thats a waste of time and i should get hands on experience in sales or start my own business and do something rather than wasting more time.
whats everyones experience?
how did you decide?
how do you fight overthinking and figure out what to do?
uni or hands on experience?
theres still so much in my head eg investments and how to handle money etc but the post is already too long.
cheerstldri dont have a plan on what to do and it scares me even though i was always the smart guy at least thats what i thought
&amp;#x200b;carlos, from mexico city, was stuck at 6.5 in the writing!
&amp;#x200b;in this tutorial you will learn how carlos achieved: band 9 in the listening band 8 in the reading (he shares a great tip for this) how he jumped to band 7 with just 15 days of preparation.
&amp;#x200b;click here to listen to the interview: [
success if you making your world a better place than you met it.
success is not you having a car, a house, or a couple of bucks in you account.
success is the fulfilment if set goals...
as of me i am now in the most crucial time of my life where i must choose a career.
but i have no goals set for my life.
i don't know if i want to excel in a corporate job or live a peaceful life, start my own business/startup or become a teacher.
as of me i have desperately tried to find a career goal in my life and stick to it, but finding out how the job really worked, i would just leave it.
all i had just done in my life was getting influenced by some people and do what they did.
i couldn't find out where my heart and my mind lies or something that would expand my "boundaries"(that what people say).
i don't know if my goal statements would change in the future or not and that would give me any sort of fulfillment and success or not.
i literally don't know how should i define what my future should be and start chasing that dream because in the end what i do is copy the one that i find is the next best person.
literally what i do is controlled by my environment, so in which corner of my mind does "my" dreams lie?
in [this post]( there are many techniques to start a conversation and keep a conversation going.
sumedh passed ielts in 15 days, now taking the plabat first, he couldn’t connect his thoughts.
then, with the help of the online course and the feedback, he got a band 8!
now he will go to sunny manchester, uk, to do a plab course.
click here: [
a vicious cycle by: michael zawaidehpassing seasons,gives us reason,to look foward,trying leave the pain behind,forgetting what was, or what could've been,questioning and reflecting,the good, the bad, the beautiful &amp; ugly.
with each season,comes sin within reason,winter,some souls first love,when white snow falls,from above us all,our powdered temptation,bright as white - whiffed &amp; sniffed,her feelingmt.
ever _ est,spring,our dearest fling,when her flowers blossom,between her soft colorful pedals,lays beauty,when the sun rises,play as the bee,inject for nectar - plant new seed,summer,the strongest bliss,shall be missed,pop the yellow sun,electric ecstasy,feel her kist,lost ones mind,with a kinky twist,fall,last of them all,drink you away,our liquid doll,meet her -in alci's_ hall,moonshine under moonlight,dance the night away,with the dark demons,seasons passed,reasons ashed,a new year awaits,and our sins overweigh our pure intentions, growth comes within yourself,if forced by others, awaits a vicious cycle.
relinquish &amp; extinguish evil,invite &amp; ignite holiness.
live, learn &amp; lovea new year.
senior managers and executives: what epiphanies or deliberate behaviour changes had the most unexpected and disproportionate impact on your career direction and success?
“it is up to you : change your focus” by carbongrit
rupert didn’t accept his 6.5 (after writing 50 essays!)
&amp;#x200b;in this podcast, rupert tells us how he squeezes in his ielts preparation while working different shifts every week.
&amp;#x200b;he shares his favourite online resources he used for preparing for the exam.
he also shares why he felt he should get a remark.
&amp;#x200b;click here to listen to the full interview: [
 meet diego from columbia!
now he finally got band 7 he’s on his way to canada!
before he was stuck at 6.5 for the writing.
he had taken the exam 6 times in total, that’s almost 2000usd!
he had also tried a few other online course, but none of them promised the success he needed.
in this story diego shares some useful sites, apps, and the exact [online course for ]( to band 7 in the ielts]( we discuss the difference between spanish writing and academic english.
diego has an inspiring story and a never quit attitude, i think we can all learn from this tireless work ethic.
&amp;#x200b;click here to listen to his full story: [
there are many definition about success and failure.
what i really think is it's a basis of what we feel about others and here is what i found ,so called defination, picture ;the moment you start thinking someone else's gain is your loss, you limit yourself by thinking in terms of competition and shortages.
this is the moment when you must discipline your thinking to equate any success with the possibilities for more success.
a lack of discipline is what stops you succeeding in life -nigel green devere ceo
a coworker and i sometimes talk about our future career plans.
he keeps wanting to stay on for a year or two, when we clearly aren't growing in our roles.
i guess it's justified since he's getting married and needs stability.
we had this conversation:we're both millennials getting older and unfamiliar with the lingo the younger millennials use.
then he said that "age is just a number".
his main point was that, "age is just a number".
we're all the same inside, young or old.
my way of seeing it is, "age is just a number".
you always have a choice to leave the job.
to expand your horizons.
the best time is always now.
and i also get the feeling i'm way more ambitious than my peers.
more forward-looking.
but i've not always been this way.
i got to be like this only after crossing 30 and realized i needed to write my own story and leave a legacy.
when i sat down and asked what i wanted to do for the next decade when i'm in my 40s.
sometimes a machine breaks down.
leading to "down time".
what can i do with the time?
sometimes i finish my tasks.
leading to "free time".
what can i do with the time?
i get the anxious feeling that there is something i haven't covered.
but can't think of any.
i feel i left out something, but don't know what.
i think of stuff to do.
and when i really can't, i use the time to relax and make plans, consolidate my thoughts to see whether what i have been doing is right.
are there any tasks/actions, under any situations, that can always be done whenever one has free time?
any effective habits?
 confusiondisappointmentfrustrationangerthoughts of quittingsuccess&amp;#x200b;my tuition teacher had once told us these steps of success and i wrote them down in my notes.
i read them from time to time and i hope it helps you too.
i'm in my mid 20's, pretty laid back (type b personality all the way).
for as long as i can remember, i just haven't had any desire or urge to "hustle" (as garyvee says all the time).
i love teaching yoga and meditating but i'm fine just teaching 2-3 classes a week or meditating 2 hours a day (as opposed to teaching full time/14 classes a week or meditating for 5+ hours).
i work a 9-5 job that's ok but i don't have a drive to make more money or get promoted, etc.
is ambition something i can develop or is it just inherent in some people (i can't imagine garyvee ever being lazy in his life).
a lot of my close friends have been naturally very ambitious since they were young but it hasn't seemed to rub off on me.
answer to is there a correlation between success and happiness?
by boris savransky
everyone meets their success at least once, because where there are clouds there is sun.
i believe that everyone has a time where people you know are proud of you, some may have more success than others but just know that you'll get your time to shine.
i can't believe that last year i thought i would never have the spotlight on me because my best friend usually had it and i know now that my best friend's spotlight and success was well deserved but jealousy had taken the better of me.
i had gotten upset when i my jealousy overwhelmed me but that same best friend still stuck by my side, if i'm honest i didn't deserve such an amazing friend especially at that time.
a teacher had told me that i would get my spotlight, i didn't believe her when she had said it.
my spotlight did come and it's a memory i'd like to keep.
that was a lesson learned, the world didn't revolve around me because there ard other people around me that deserve to win.
i know that my best friend deserves to have the success she has gotten and now i want to give her support when she gets her spotlight.
i'm really proud of my best friend and i can only wish her happiness.
some may have more or less success than others but i believe that everyone will have their moment, their time to shine if they grasp it tight into their hands
i want to read way more then befor and i would like you to give me some inspiration and recommendations.
:)
 now updated with new research--the book that has changed millions of lives after decades of research, world-renowned stanford university psychologist carol s. dweck, ph.d., discovered a simple but groundbreaking idea: the power of mindset.
in this brilliant book, she shows how success in school, work, sports, the arts, and almost every area of human endeavor can be dramatically influenced by how we think about our talents and abilities.
people with a fixed mindset --those who believe that abilities are fixed--are less likely to flourish than those with a growth mindset --those who believe that abilities can be developed.
mindset reveals how great parents, teachers, managers, and athletes can put this idea to use to foster outstanding accomplishment.
in this edition, dweck offers new insights into her now famous and broadly embraced concept.
she introduces a phenomenon she calls false growth mindset and guides people toward adopting a deeper, truer growth mindset.
she also expands the mindset concept beyond the individual, applying it to the cultures of groups and organizations.
with the right mindset, you can motivate those you lead, teach, and love--to transform their lives and your own.
praise for mindset "a good book is one whose advice you believe.
a great book is one whose advice you follow.
this is a book that can change your life, as its ideas have changed mine."
--robert j. sternberg, co-author of teaching for wisdom, intelligence, creativity, and success "an essential read for parents, teachers and\] coaches .
as well as for those who would like to increase their own feelings of success and fulfillment."
--library journal (starred review) "everyone should read this book."
--chip heath and dan heath, authors of made to stick "one of the most influential books ever about motivation."
--po bronson, author of nurtureshock "if you manage people or are a parent (which is a form of managing people), drop everything and read mindset ."
--guy kawasaki, author of the art of the start 2.0 read more here: [
 your life today is basically the sum of your habits.
how in or out of shape are you?
a result of your habits.
how happy or unhappy are you?
a result of your habits.
how wealthy or poor are you?
a result of your habits.
what you repeatedly do (i.e.
what you spend time thinking about and doing each day) ultimately forms the person you are, the things you believe, and the personality that you portray.
but what if you want to improve?
what if you want to form new habits?
how would you go about this?
turns out, there’s a helpful framework that can make it easier to stick to new habits so that you can improve your health, wealth, and life in general.
this book is a great way to start your journey toward enriching your life through the power of effective habit creation.
this book will provide you with the confidence that you need in order to take on any current or future challenges in your life.
what will you learn in the habit handbook?
how habits work  the most efficient method for habit formation  planning to ensure success  the importance of a morning routine  reinforcing new habits  7 habits to live by  much, much more!
the habit handbook is a straight to the point, 'no fluff', guide on instilling the habits you need to change your life.
[click here to read it!!
](
 you are a badass at making money will launch you past the fears and stumbling blocks that have kept financial success beyond your reach.
drawing on her own transformation—over just a few years—from a woman living in a converted garage with tumbleweeds blowing through her bank account to a woman who travels the world in style, jen sincero channels the inimitable sass and practicality that made you are a badass an indomitable bestseller.
she combines hilarious personal essays with bite-size, aha concepts that unlock earning potential and get real results.
learn to:  • uncover what's holding you back from making money  • give your doubts, fears, and excuses the heave-ho  • relate to money in a new (and lucrative) way  • shake up the cocktail of creation  • tap into your natural ability to grow rich  • shape your reality—stop playing victim to circumstance  • get as wealthy as you wanna be  “this book truly crystallizes the concept that financial abundance is an inside job—in that it all begins with your mindset—and sincero gets serious (in the funniest ways possible) about helping you identify your particular limiting beliefs surrounding money.”  —popsugar
people would rather want to see you fail.
people really do suck.
i wish this entire world can just die.
i'm glad i don't have the mindset with other fools.
when i see someone succeed i'm proud for them.
i smile with them.
but i have a similar mindset that when i see someone who thinks it's better than me, i'm angry, as like others.
for example, someone who is a teacher and says she's a genius when she's not and calls everyone a loser.
i feel offended, but much less than other shittyasses.
i always feel inspired by them, i don't understand why no one else has it.
&amp;#x200b;so that's why i hate people.
i don't hate anything about them, the ways they act or anything, i just wish everyone had a change in mindset.
you see, the most successful people, even they have a ton of poor people talking trash about them.
&amp;#x200b;and they're the least appreciated.
i see the presidents at my school - they're all lonely.
and they often live sad love lifes too.
the only benefit they get from all of this harshness from other people, is success.
that's it.
&amp;#x200b;and those guys that fail, yeah, they're the most popular.
it fucking sucks.
i really hate those guys.
i don't want them to fail, but i hate them.
hate them so fucking bad.
hey alli wanted to be honest and have a straight talk about money / finances / success with anyone who wants to get out of the rut they are in or feels aggrieved about their situationi am not selling any course just a straight self made millionaire who can’t believe how much complaining  there is about not being able to afford this or that or why the so called boomers have taken what’s rightfully theirs which i beleive is just those people making excuses for failure - they can only do that when we listen and say awww yeah mate it’s totally them and not you!
ask me anything and i will do my best to give you a candid answer - my advice is free you don’t have to take it but you are all very welcome to it should you wish jj
hi guys,i'm actually new to this subreddit, and even reddit in general.
i'm here because i understood being connected to successful people is extremely important, so i'm here to exchange value with you guys !
hope our skills match, and we can all of us push each other.
so quick review, i'm 20 yo, turning 21 at the end of the month, invested money before  the crypto boom in august 2017, eager for more.
it was the first time i reached a goal in real life, i've then had a lots of success barrier that i'm breaking through, for a social/financial freedom.
i'm working on both, and i think i have a good mindset for success, but i'm so impressed by people that think better than me, it's uncreadible, and i know some.
i'm very optimistic and positive, however sometimes i feel bad, and something i learnt this year, is, however you feel is okay, sometimes you feel good, sometimes you feel bad, stop dealing with it, and keep going accepting how you feel, it's part of the process.
that's pretty much who i am, i'm more complex but don't want to make the post too long.
we can talk about what are your current situation, and what do you plan for later ?
how you feel now compared to your goals and stuff ?
i personnally am super excited for future, and so much things are changing these month, i'm meeting tons of people, more and more successful, i'm changing on the inside and outside, working on creating awesome relationship.
sometimes i feel shitty, not gonna lie, but i'm learning how to deal with it !
and you ?
much love &lt;3
i have an idea for concept of an online success group, that is to be created in accordance with what has been described by tony robbins as the 7th power, or the power of people around you.
or as napoleon hill suggested it, a group where we can work in unity towards similar goals.
see, whoever you are surrounded by, will greatly influence your trajectory in life.
if you are surrounded by people who are poorer than you – you will be poor.
if you are surrounded by people who are smarter than you, you will become smarter in order to keep up with your peers.
a great deal of your motivation and successful perseverance is determined by who you are surrounded by.
since i do not know anybody who is very successful in all areas of life, and with the same drive for overall improvement and wealth, i had the idea to create an online success group, where we are to inspire, motivate, challenge and keep each other accountable.
the group will consist of 3-4 people, aside from yourself, that will contribute to the aforementioned purpose, through bi-weekly meetings and through the aiding of the others members current projects.
the goal of these meetings is to go over the progress one has made since the last time, and to be supportive and push each other towards our respective goals, by keeping each other accountable, inspiring change through example and providing aide and support in any way we can.
the requirements for entering the group are as follows: 1.	fluent or close to fluent english capabilities.
2.	a desire to be part of close group of friends, and commitment to help the group to the very best of ones ability.
3.	a dedication of ones time and resources to the group – hereunder included showing up well prepared for the weekly meetings.
4.	a track record of greatness in some areas of life, and a desire for overall improvement.
5.	a similar point in life – all members under 30. every other week, there will be a new assignment, and a review of last times assignment.
examples of assignments might include: - getting clear on your goals for the coming year- creating strategies for solving specific problems facing one of the members- sharing financial wisdom and investments strategies- tips for excelling academically - manifesting your ideal physique - balancing the various demands, while succeeding in all areas of life - performing under pressure if you are interested in joining a group of, what will soon become, close friends, and you are serious about achieving your goals, and ascending to a higher level of life, wealth, happiness and productivity – then this post is aimed at you.
if you want to create the most radical shift in your motivation, commitment and achievement and actually succeed in you life, and are willing to dedicate yourself to this pursuit and helping others do the same – then this group is for your.
if your want to take a stab at the process that some of the most successful people and teachers of all time, describe as the ultimate tool take your life to unmatched levels, and push yourself beyond what could ever do on your own – then this is where you take action, and send in your application.
the link to apply is below.
fill out the formula, and send it to me.
but before you do, think hard about whether or not you are ready to follow through on this – you will know if this is for you, if you have no doubts and are genuinely exited about this project, and have a true desire to contribute and share with the other members your wisdom and abilities, and succeed together.
i wont give a longer sales pitch, but if you have questions about this email me at onlinesuccesgroup@gmail.com, and i will get back to you asap.
the application process will be open for the next 2 weeks, or shorter if all the right candidates are found before that time.
fill in the application form, and paste in your motivational essay.
link to apply:
hey guys,i want to make a discord that people can join where we can share our goals, give some motivation and keep us accountable.
i think this will help everyone keep that motivation on achieving what that put their mind too.
let me know what you think
starting and youtube about following your dreams in life.
check out my website and let me know what you think.
love it?
hate it?
let me know why.
my goal is to inspire people to choose their dreams over their fears.
to live a life that’s powerful to you.
method-fear.business.site
is the there a price of success ?
are you prepared to pay it ?
nigel green devere ceo explains what he believes is the price of success .
he goes on to explain the price of failure is worse than the price of success
to me it's to have a fun and enjoyable life and that you pursue it with all you got.
it can be as simple as you like it to be.
so how do you define succes?
i’m 18 years old.
i’m a high school drop out but there’s something people see different in me and as i get older i start to see it in myself.
so basically i feel like i’ll be successful.
i’ll be able to live the way i want to live sooner or later but it’s hard knowing where to start.
i have a lot of different skills i know a lot of different things on different subjects.
for example i know about cars, i like the music industry, i want to start a clothing brand, i like video games, i eventually want to get into real estate.
it feels like my brain is overwhelmed on where to start what subject to touch up on first.
i feel rushed even though i know i have time i’m young i’m 18 but i just feel like i have a point to prove.
any advice on where to start or how to deal with something like this
hello people of reddit, i'm in a dilemmai feel like i need to reinvent myself.
i'm very happy with my gf (not a problem), my family is ok, sometimes we have problems but you got to deal with it sometimes.
i have some of those friends but some of them take life a joke and it gets annoying.
i feel like i need to improve my current situation.
i want a more mature friend group, i want to move out of my parents house but i work in a minimum wage job.
i'm in major which i feel is bs unless i go to law school (political science, i chose it because i'm terrible at math and i love the political realm).
a part of me wants to open up a small business but i don't know where to start.
i'm stuck in a rut, i was very consistent with working out but for the past months i messed up my wrist, had my wisdom teeth pulled out, and got sick so it hasn't exactly been the best situation lol.
in conclusion, i'm a 19 yr old man trying figure out my place in this world.
i want to open a small business to support me and my future family needs.
i'm practical so i don't care about "luxury" everyone breaks their backs for(i try to practice minimalism) .
i want to feel healthy and i want to have a group of friends that are mature and don't fuck around too much and actually respect me for trying to improve ( they roast me for trying to stay completely sober and trying to sleep earlier etc.)
i want to move due to the fact that sometimes i feel like i'm not home due to all arguing i have to go through.
i want challenge, i want to be independent.
one of the steps listed in chapter 2 (or 3, depending on your version) - "desire" - is to construct a plan and to act on it at once.
then, on the chapter on auto-suggestion, he says to visualize yourself rendering service and obtaining the desired amount, and to hand that over to the subconscious, and let it formulate a plan and hand that back to you, and to not trust your logical reasoning when constructing a plan... so i assume it would be wise of me to just totally scrap this plan, and wait for a plan from the subconscious?
but he begins this by saying "do not wait for a definite plan."
lol.
the chapter confused me a bit.
can anyone clarify?
has anyone here read think and grow rich?
in the self-confidence formula, hill instructs that you spend 10 minutes a day building self-confidence.
how exactly do you go about doing this?
any good ideas?
i noticed a trend where lot of the rock bands/artists that i like who had monumental success (world famous) were on some sort of drugs/alcohol when producing their content.
for example, jonathan davis of korn was high on meth when he recorded a song (ball tongue) in studio.
lemmy from motorhead drank a bottle of jack every day, same with corey taylor of slipknot when recording the album iowa.
i'm curious as to how they achieved such monumental success while being trashed for most of their waking days.
i noticed for myself when i drink in excess or do drugs i'm a 10000% less more productive compared to being sober even if i was doing something creative like recording a youtube video, drawing or perfecting a craft.
how are those artists able to accomplish word class success while being trashed beyond belief?
hi, we have created a success forum for people who wants to come together for serious discussions about financial education, entreprener ship, book reviews and mental health.
please feel free to come by and visit and create a post [
is that any website or forum that discuss different things like health, entrepreneurship or like helps you to succeed with different things in life?
i could really use it!
 i've been thinking on all the ways people put us productive, high-performance man down.
i came to the conclusion that all these assholes who stand in our way can be put in two categories, and once you figure out where they belong, dealing with them is easy, and as enjoyable as is any battle for the alpha male.
check it out : [
...and so it was that i found that despite my many successes in my life thus far they are for the most part worthless to me.
while studying for a certification it mentions when helping a client develop a mindset for success, thinking back on how they felt upon succeeding would really get them going.
i thought back on my own successes and was like..."meh"as a result i don't have any such memories to draw upon.
da fuq do i do now?
am i the only one to encounter this feeling?
hey!
i’m looking to start a success story podcast where i read aloud various stories of rising from ashes, working hard and succeeding, and just any other success stories to show that everyday people like you and i can have successes.
i’ve been searching for lengthy (detailed) stories of success that i could read (with permission, of course!)
for this new endeavour with no luck.
i was wondering if you had any stories you would like to be featured (with credit!)
on my new podcast 😊
hey guys, i've been thinking about productivity lately, to be more precise, i've been thinking about why are there times when productivity seems to slip our hands no matter what we do or how motivated we may feel to work.
i'm also a masculinity lifestyle blogger, all about becoming the best man one can be.
so i did some thinking ,and some writing on the topic, maybe you'll find it useful.
article: [
 [
obviously, one is certain "i can do this" the other is rational "i have a very good  chance of doing this".
in life, nothing is ccertain and i have a very difficult time allowing myself to think "i can do this" as it seems illogical.
it is not certain, nothing is certain.
i also know that thinking "i can do this" feels a lot more motivational.
has anyone had any experience  with this themselves, what are people's thoughts?
thanks.
i'm a writer, and i'm interested in talking to highly successful people who also happen to be very miserable.
my goal is to interview folks who have achieved a high level of success, whether it be material wealth, prestige, fame, love, or other trappings of success.
folks who are envied by their neighbors, friends, and internet followers, but who also happen to be super unhappy with their life.
below is a sample of the kinds of people i'm thinking of, ordered by probability of finding someone like this within the reddit network:entrepreneurself-taught 100x programmer lawyer with an ivy-league education ambitious surgeon famous author of fictionprestigious ivy league professor beloved local politician oil tycoon nobel-prize winning scientist olympic athleteplease feel free to comment if you meet this criteria or know someone who does!
what i want to know is: who are you, what made you successful, and what are your specific miseries in life?
if you want something you have to become the product of this imagination.
you have to trust the universe and shift the energy and make the series of events work for you!
start the creation to become the creator of your dreams (dreams are imagination.
reality is the imaginative creative results.
 meet this man.
&amp;#x200b;this man was out of money.
just a few thousand rupees were left over.
so, his wife forced him to move to the capital city of new delhi for exploring new options of employment.
after resisting a lot, he agreed.
there in the exurbs of new delhi was this another rising city of noida.
that is where this man found his first job as a marketing salesman.
it paid him just 2500 rupees a month.
the amount was paltry compared to the needs of the family.
but, 2500/month was better than nothing.
so, he joined in.
he toiled hard for over four next years.
during this course he had changed over 8 jobs and had begun to earn up to 10,000 rupees a month.
until then he had been staying away from his family.
his beloved wife and son lived into the small town of rajasthan while he worked day and night.
and it was finally after these long four years that he finally re-united with the family.
he brought them all to bahadurgarh, haryana which lies in the exurbs of new delhi.
there the family took an apartment on rent and spent almost the next 4 years at that address.
during this course, he took a loan to buy a motorcycle.
and, that was how he managed to buy his first ever motorcycle, tvs star city - sport edition.
he was really excited and filled with vigour.
while his wife's proud face was clearly showing how enlivened she was over the progress that her husband had made in the past few years, rising from the dust.
after years of travails into the industry, this man finally found a job paying a huge rise.
the new job was offering a 2x increase into what he was earning then.
but, for that job he would have to travel to faridabad every single day.
faridabad and bahadurgarh two points diametrically opposite to each other by almost 90 kilometers.
but, at that time the money mattered the most to this man.
why?
costs of living were rising.
his son was growing up.
he had to save for the future of his son, his education and also for his wife and himself.
not to mention the biting inflation which was alarmingly rising.
so, he joined the job.
he would drive his bike back and forth to and from faridabad every single day.
almost 200 kilometers of journey on a bike every single day is a torturous experience, but he overlooked it.
he would leave early every day by 6:30 in the morning and return late by 11 pm on the clock.
his son would often walk over his back at the night to relieve him of some pain.
his back hardly recovered from the pain even in the future.
but, his struggle was paying off somewhat better in monetary terms.
so, the monetary satisfaction was driving him to do more and more.
by now he had gained immense experience in his industry.
he had a country wide network even at the ground level.
he had become a sought after name in the industry.
so, he landed a great job almost three years later.
and, this time he was going to be the country-head for marketing.
his hard work had earned him a lot of references and accolades in the industry, and thus the task at his hand was immense as well.
he was given the task to increase the company's sales two-fold over the next four years.
guess what?
he achieved the target in two years and a half.
by the end of period of four years he had boosted the company's market sales by 4 times!
by this time he had already sold his motorcycle and bought his first car.
it was a dream coming alive for him and his wife.
their first car- chevrolet beat lt was bought without any loan.
his hard work had transformed the living of his entire family.
&amp;#x200b;a few years he dared to actualize his greatest dream.
he wanted a house of his own where his wife and son could lead a happy life under their own shed.
he took a massive loan, broke all of his savings, and took advances from the company.
he gleaned money from every possible source and bought his family their own home.
and, this was no ordinary house.
this was a luxury apartment in an upscale society of faridabad.
the man who fourteen years earlier had nothing in his pockets, was now an owner of a house among the biggies of the society.
he wanted his son to lead his future among the best people of the society, and so he made it happen.
do you consider yourself ambitious?
do you have big goals and want to be the best?
do you want to hang out with like minded people?
welcome to elite four.
a place for quality people like you where you can share your progress and improvement, compete against members as challenges, have accountability, work hard to meet your big goals and meet new friends, watch movies, play videogames, participate in discord parties, share music, etc.
we host some challenges, competitions and accountability; we share our stats and progress, help each other out if obstacles appear, work hard together, meet people, and have a great time!
disclaimer: i suggest a 13-28 age range.
also, this is probably not for people who seek more peace in their lives since we want to work and stuff, neither for people who seek to break some small habits, i mean, you can join if you want to but if you don't have goals other than leaving those habits i don't know if you'll enjoy it, you should also be able to get rid of them relatively fast since that would be only the beggining of your journey (and we will help).
but i think the most important thing is that this isn't a self improvement focused server, we are connected because we all want to improve and be great but don't necessarily talk about it, just do it.
ocassionally posting struggles is ok but it's mostly about sharing our progress, staying accountable, keep becoming better, hang out, have fun and bring together a cool kids gang™ with deep, meaningful relationships.
comment or dm me and i will send you the link!
possibly later i will add a discord invitehere is the invite:
im so excited, my wife used to be into retail and was climbing the latter very quickly.
then during the pregnancy of our son she decided to let her career go in support of our family which i supported her fully in doing as i had a job at the time which was very well paying.
my job shut down and we were forced to move in with her parents, i got another job in the new area but it was not as high but we were able to get into our first home.
so 5 years down the road she has had a couple of jobs trying to figure out what she wanted but they were all low paying but i still supported her choices and took the weight of the bills as much as i could.
we have gotten behind on some thing but today she got an offer that is making double what she made before and more then me still!
im so excited because after 6 years of financial stress we are going to be financial well off!
no more money stress after we get the debt paid off but now we are looking at months not years for it!
back in black baby!
nothing more helpful than a gratitude audio for your easy, hand free, subconscious [gratitude audio](
i've got a bunch of things on my bucket list that i want to do before i'm 21(in 19 1/2 right now), and i have yet to do most of them, but even with all of those goals in mind i still feel empty, like there's something i should be working towards that i am not aware of.
in the next year i plan to lose 80lbs, go skydiving and bungee jumping, solo travel to one place for the first time on my own(either new orleans for the culture or liverpool for the beatles history), i also want to be able to try and make artwork that i can sell, volunteer, get a 3.1 gpa in school, and get a job.
my only problem is that most of these are expensive goals and i dont have the money, nor will i have the money to spend after i have a job, on some of these endeavors (my budget is to spend less than $30 a week outside of the schools mealplan).
i still feel as though there is something missing, something that could make me seem more interesting to others, as well as make my life more fulfilling and happy, but i can't figure out what that is exactly.
maybe it's that i don't really have any friends to do these things with( or at least friends actually willing to do it).
what are some cool, once in a lifetime, different things i can do to feel more fulfilled, experienced, and interesting?
adrenaline junky ideas are welcomed, so are the more grounded things.
thanks
 i live in amsterdam, the netherlands and study business studies fulltime.
i don't really have time for a job and flexible jobs are hard to find.
because of that, i'm now making loans to get by.
about €1200/month.
i honestly think i can easily make that money with my blog.
i study business and i have a lot of knowledge about marketing and online strategies.
my blog is about self-care, personal growth, blogging, and mental health.
i know lifestyle blogs are kind of saturated, but i do want to write about something i am passionate about.
i currently have an average of 110 pageviews a day.
i'd like to reach 900 pageviews/day within 3 months so i can apply for mediavine.
mediavine pays pretty well for advertising on your site.
almost twice as much as google adsense.
i can also make printables and an ebook to sell on my website for money.
for now, my goal is to stop having to make loans, but hopefully.
i'll be able to move to a bigger apartment and pay off my debt before i graduate.
[these are my goals for the next month](wish me luck!
follow the pathway to success at www.follow2success.com
hi my name is sam, im turning 25 soon and i am looking for a mentor!
(business, money, trading, finance, entrepreneurship).
i dont want to buy a course.
i want a mentor.
someone whos actually successful and has known failure before!
my mom just got bankrupt and i just really don't want to end up the same.
no one in my family is successful... and i sincerely just dont want that life... they arent happy, we arent close.. at all.. but somehow we all end up the same.. and i refuse.to end up the same.
i will.not and id like some help.
i started on my own already.
started my own employment agency.
growing slowly but surely.
have been learning marketing and sales for the past 2.5 years too.
reading as much as possible.
went in a city 4000 km away from home so i dont just hangout with my buddys ..but i still have no clue of what im doing to be honest..inbox me if you can help and i will give you my contact information!
willing to work for free if i have to, willing to move out, get rid of everything, meet the right mentor anywhere and for as long as needed.
i just dont want to be stuck in a shitty life like them.
i want to understand the world and be part of the 1-3%, i want to be free
my pro tip would be that the #1 thing that makes people successful isn't hard work, etc, like people often say, but rather the ability to put your emotions aside and deal with a huge amount of uncomfortable ambiguity in life, that's been my experience.
people are always looking for certainty, trying to figure out the best path, the most secure route forward, with the least risk, trying to stay in safe situations or attempting to make uncomfortable situations into safe situations, but the truth is that a lot of shit just sucks really bad, when you're pushing boundaries you often have no idea what is going on, and you're often really anxious and in situations where you have to figure stuff out as you go along sometimes with very little information.
it's normal when pushing to feel like you're treading water, like you wish someone else just understood how you feel, but knowing you're basically alone even when surrounded by people.
the people i know who have become successful all made strategic moves forward often walking out into the unknown without anyone there to "understand" or "support" them, they just have a very high tolerance for ambiguity and taking on things even when they don't know exactly how it is going to turn out in the end.
i don't mean to make it sound like they take unnecessary risk, or gamble, but they are all swimming in some form of chaos doing whatever has to be done to make it through.
it's never easy .. unless you're just sitting in a garden retired tending to your tomato plants, and waiting around until everything is safe is a recipe for not doing anything.
people i've known who have become successful didn't make easy short strides, they did bold things like move to new places far away, make bold plans and try to see them through, etc, it was never a safe step from one thing to the next, they moved with courage.
i compiled this list over a few months:1.
competent mastery: mastering challenging and useful competencies.
driven by ambition &amp; grit.
2.
creative adaptability: acquiring a range of skills and knowledge to creatively solve problems.
driven by curiosity, creativity, preparedness, wonder, and open-mindedness.
3.
prudent self-assertiveness: tenaciously confronting my ego, my emotions and fears like the fear of failure so i can prioritise long-term goals.
driven by self-control, perseverance &amp; courage.
4.
independent responsibility: believing only i can make me who i want to be.
driven by an internal locus of control and optimism.
5.
impartial harmony: harmonising with anyone; from those who have harmed me to those i will never agree with.
driven by respect, flexibility &amp; empathy.
6.
cooperative encouragement: building genuine and positive connections with kindness, humour and candor to solve problems and meet social needs.
driven by teamwork, empathy, honesty &amp; respect.
7.
tactful integrity: being honest with myself and others but also abiding by the golden-rule: "do to others as i would have them do to me".
driven by kindness, authenticity and empathy.
8.
empathetic altruism: understanding others enough to be driven to help in an impactful way, even when receiving nothing in return.
driven by compassion &amp; generosity.
9.
mindful self-gratitude: being mindful of the impact of my achievements and contributions.
driven by self-respect and self-esteem.
10.
modest beauty: being someone who gives pleasure to the senses or the mind of yourself and others, but not becoming too proud.
driven by modesty.
would you add or remove anything?
i tried to be as comprehensive as possible.
 in this tutorial, we’re going to talk to mariana on how she passed ielts using our [online course]( mariana is from brazil and she took ielts five times until she finally scored 7.5 in writing.
the other four exams were taken in 6 months and she was getting 6.5 only!
since she sat the ielts paper-based four times already, she didn’t think twice about taking the computer-based format on her 5th try.
now that ielts is off her list, she will apply for canadian pr, (good luck mariana!).
listen to the interview to learn: why she’s recommending computer-based exam how our “course method” gives you an advantage in the writing part how the [essay feedback]( helped her to improve what to do if you have no idea on the topic in writing and speaking the technique she does everyday to improve her vocabulary the question given to her on the exam day and how she wrote her essay how she practiced on the listening, reading and speaking partsclick here to listen to the full interview tutorial:  [
i've been into nootropics (supplements for the mind) for about a year now.
i'm currently gaining more rewards and fewer side-effects from nootropics than ever before.
i hope my knowledge and failures can help someone.
and that someone can help me by telling me what i'm wrong about or have missed/am yet to learn.
[supercharge your brain — principles of safe nootropic use](observe that this is a link to a blog post i wrote.
thanks, david
'life mastery' season-1:
hello guys,can you please tell me what should i do to be success?i am currently studying mechatronics(thats combination of computer,mechanical and electrotechnic engineering) 2.year and i still dont have any plans or ideas for my life.
i am not such a good student,but i am never gave up and never will so can anyone help what should i really learn for my occupation and business to become success in my 20s or 30s?
p.s sorry for my english
provide examples of successful people who went into one major in college, graduated with that major, got a career in it, and years later decided they hated that career, dropped everything, and went back to school to pursue something different.
i'm currently going into an engineering major and it's very hard but i want to have it so i have a comfortable income.
my plan is to graduate with this, and 10 years into my career, if i hate my job, i want to drop everything and go to school for animation and story development.
the psychology of winningas a young man i realized several things about my life, firstly one does not learn on his own he simply pick and prys at others to find himself and what works for him.
be it his personality, he mannerisms or even the way he talks.
all of this has been learned from people that young man admired be it his father, grandfather or even a political figure.
as these fundamental points have been established one can finally understand how and why some succeed and some don’t.
a man goes his entire life watching some win and some lose but never truly tries to become the winner.
now the three points i am going to give are not all encompassing but will really get you thinking.
1. enhancing your mindsetwhat does enhancing your mindset mean?
it is easy for books and people out there to say fancy words such as this and come off as an almost guru like figure.
for one to truly enhance their mind is to not only study the written word but also use the technology and resources were are given.
the typical human has about 4-6 hours of free time daily if one can repurpose these hours to bettering the mind they are one step closer to end goal of winning.
2. deciding your a loser to earlyare you a loser?
that is a question that constantly plagues the minds of the youth through formative years and well into adulthood.
you're not a loser because of were you are from, how much money you have or what car you drive.
i have seen friends with terrible upbringings pull them selves out of the dirt and did great things for their lives.
they did this by not letting society dictate and define them as a loser; instead they decided to say my past doesn’t define me and i will carve out my own piece of the earth.
if you are feeling down and you think your past does define you take a step back and think about the gift you have.
the gift of knowledge.
3. step outside of your worldfear of winning is a fear of achieving.
although it is an innate feature of human biology and psychology to love the things we can not have it does not mean once you have them you are really a winner.
for a lot of people a mansion seems like the best thing that can happen to them, but who can beat the satisfaction of life.
to challenge yourself is one of the most satisfying things on our wonderful planet, to step outside of our own little worlds we created is not only hard but nerve-racking.
we create our worlds to safeguard our selfs from the fear of failure.
fear is a great thing for a winner, find your fears and face them over and over again till there is no more.
real winners take the interview they are scared off, real winners better themselves by putting themselves out there.
challenge yourself in every aspect of your life!
forget your past it does not define you!
knowledge is the elixir of winning.
how are some people so focused and know what they are doing?
when you watch those documentaries where someone spent 30 years being an anthropoligist specialized in digging up human skulls in a certain geographic area, how did they end up being so specialized?
also, in general, i am 22 and still not clear on what exactly i want to do.
how do people in med school know they want to be doctors and should narrow in on that?
how do people focus on one thing when there is such overwhelming choice?
hey guys i’ve been writing and thinking a lot recently and i really am trying to get my writing to blow up.
help me out!
 want to set a goal while using the industry gold standard structure?
in this powerful blog we’re going to talk about a the s.m.a.r.t.
method because it’s been around for a long time and it works very well…again, i didn’t create this method, i just improved on it to fit our specific use and our accelerated timeline.
it works well for creating a goal or a mantra to [reprogram a subconscious mind (belief system](  the acronym for the s.m.a.r.t.
method stands for:     s: specific     m: measurable     a: attainable     r: results driven     t: time basedso check the goal you’re thinking about commiting to and ask yourself …is it specific?
 to do this or to do that…is it measurable?
 to lose 8 lbs, to get 1,000 people in a groupis it attainable?
 something close to what you’re capable ofis it results driven?
 it will happen because of something you dois it time based?
 completed within 30 daysso, we’ll ask one more time… is the goal you’ve chosen the best best 30 day goal you can accomplish with lots of help and support?
 ok great… that part is complete and you now have your best 30 day goal.
if you’re still undecided, reach out to [the group]( and ask for help!
pro tip: create gradual steps to complete this so your body and mind work with you in completing it.
inside the subconscious, we work with the varying levels of worthiness in the psyche.
boiled down in the least technical way possible, we tend to realize the results in our life (and business) based on what our subconscious mind deems us as worthy of receiving.
action items: 1.)
post your goal to the group and specifically say, “here is my 30 day goal \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and yes, i am open to support and questions to help me arrive at a deeper or more relevant issue.” then others can ask you questions to help you arrive at an even better goal if available.
be open to feedback because we need others to see our blind spots.
2.)
support others on their day 6 goal posts with good questions, not bs annoying or nit-picky questions.
meaning, what questions might you ask to help them arrive at a deeper concern or more authentic need.
sometimes it’s obvious to us, but not them 📷 pro tip: when supporting someone else in the group (or in life) remember, not to engage their ego.
come from a place of love and they’ll feel that oppose to feel attacked or made wrong.
super important!
if you haven’t yet,  watch the video training that goes with this article below and make a post in the facebook group page about any wins or struggles associated with this article.
[that link is here.
](
i’m 24 years old, and i’m not exactly where i’d like to be in life.
in fact, i don’t even really know what i want to do yet!
i have all these big ideas but i don’t really know what to do with them yet.
it’s something that really bugs me and bites at me each day.
but i know success is a journey, not a destination.
where were you at my age?
what advice if any do you have for someone at my age, who is struggling to figure out which path to take?
as i have been talking to people about hitting their goals and their daily routines, i have heard from many people how it is difficult for them to get out of bed right when their first alarm goes off.
i understand that there are other root causes that need to be addressed, such as finding your "why", and finding the true motivation so you really do want to get out of bed, but sometimes we just need that push while we are searching within ourselves.
so for everyone who is looking for that push as they are figuring all that out, i created a tool to help get into a starting routine.
i call it "the success alarm", and it is an alarm on your iphone that once it goes off, you cannot turn it off until the tracking mechanisms in your phone registers that you have walked 50 feet.
this ensures that you won't have to set three plus alarms to wake up in the morning, and makes you immediately start moving.
version 1 just released on the app store, so give it a try and see how it can help you hit your goals and reach your dreams!
i have read a lot about how successful people typically have certain habits.
i was wondering if anyone in here have any habits that help them being successful, get up in the morning or whatever?
thanks!
my family is extremely dysfunctional.
i’ve been taking care of my sister since she was an infant, and i was just 9 years old.
i struggled growing up and experienced things no kid ever should.
for a long time i was in a bad place but somehow came out of it.
all the while i protected my sister and raised her to be different.
i learned the hard way what not to do.
instead of yelling i talked to her about how she felt.
i related with her situation.
i told her it was okay to be angry or sad, but not to let it shape her.
i’ve been there for her every time she needed me.
i encouraged her to do well and not let her environment put a stain on her; to enjoy her childhood instead of running away.
she’s 15 years old, and even though her home life sucks and she has no support from her mother, she continues to blow me away with her determination to do well and always do the right thing.
she’s on the honour roll, and works as much as possible, and has a rich social life with activities she’s planned and paid for herself.
she knows better than to turn to drugs for comfort, and she doesn’t give in to peer pressure.
she has a good head on her shoulders, and i like to think i played a part in that.
my life never meant much to me, but she makes it all worth living - maybe that was my purpose all along.
she makes my heart swell, i’m just so incredibly proud of the woman she’s becoming and i’m so grateful to have her in my life.
greg mckeown, new york times bestselling author shares his article on linkedin which is based on the famous quote by warren buffet:-&gt;“the difference between successful people and very successful people is that very successful people say ‘no’ to almost everything.” -warren buffet.
read the full article here 🔰  [
hey, this is the approach i found is sustainable for me in terms of long-term dieting.
it's convenient, liberal, general and compatible with any athletic or aesthetic goal.
hope it can help someone who is struggling to find a way of eating that works for them on every level.
[nutrition principles - how i eradicated physical pain, never get sick and always feel motivated](
what did you do ?
did you think about giving up?
how did you find your way to start trying again?
what advice would you give to somone who is going through that situation.
&amp;#x200b;  “i'm a big believer in the law of attraction, and i think gratitude is the key to that.
i think that's the key to everything.” learn about how to make you life more successful like maia by emailing: [lionsheartlifestyle@gmail.com](mailto:lionsheartlifestyle@gmail.com) regarding the law of attraction.
i personally did this lastyear, and now 'm trying to spread the good vibes!
:)
i feel like everyone is always talking about growth mindset and how it's this amazing thing.
but i have heard two different explanations of what it is.
i've heard it's the literal use of persistence enough to the point where you literally change the neurological pathways in your brain to better suit a successful outcome, and i've heard it's just simple pushing past failure instead of settling.
i'm assuming these are both the right definition, but i cannot think of a single example that could apply to my life, a middle class college kid, that could showcase growth mindset in use and practice.
the rule is very simple - you just need to work hard and accept everything that life gives to you.
there is no way to fail.
more detailed in my article [
hello everyone, i’m curious on which books people have read that are based on how to become successful.
i want to spend more time reading and i currently want to read the most i can about being successful in life.
thanks!
i've been told that the road to success and therefore happiness is by doing what you love and following your passion.
i've been told that the way to discover your passion is by thinking back to what you wanted to do as a child.
but i never really had much of a "childhood dream."
i remember i did love science, and my mom always said i would be a scientist, so i said i'd be a scientist.
she also used to say i would be a doctor, and so i said i'd be a doctor.
but these were never really my dreams, they were what my parents wanted of me.
having grown up, i don't really find either of those fields to be very appealing.
i never really had a big dream for myself as a kid.
so where do i move from here?
how do i figure out what it is that will bring me joy, and what my passion is?
not like celebrities or athletes, or actors.
i'm talking people who actually benefit humanity scientifically, and mathematically, people like elon musk, famous people who've worked for or in partnership with nasa, famous names in the medical field.
anyone who may be a household name or i'd genuinely important in their respected field who didnt perform well in college or went to a small, no name university with high acceptance rates.
my question basically is: you see people like steve jobs, elon musk, warren buffett, and bill gates... it's rare to achieve their wealth and status, but that's not really what i want as far as the qualities they possess.
each of these men have one thing in common, they're they're own boss, they aren't thinkers, they're doers.
they have their own ideas and goals and are their own bosses.
my question is how do i get there?
i want to make a big impact.
my question is how do i get there and how do i do rather than think?
because the majority of people end up working like mindless drones for companies just to get income and say things like "i'll never get that promotion" or tell themselves their dreams or thoughts are too late or unattainable.
how do i avoid that and find some sense of greater freedom from life, break those constraints, and be better?
combining financial fulfillment, happiness, and overall usefulness for helping the world.
i'm in college and i don't want to pick an art based major and then struggle to pay the bills if it doesn't work out in my benefit, but i've always loved creating stories and animations, so i have a plan.
i'm going to school for a stem major and will intern/network in order to get a financially stable job, if i don't like where i am in 13 years(10 years after i graduate), then i'm going to drop everything and use the money i saved to go to school for the arts, particularly animation/ illustration/story boarding.
matthew mcconaughey define success.
i am unable to focus.
i don't know how to go about it.
i'm struggling.
what can i do?
need to get my life back together.
i don't have a car or license yet, just finished freshmen year college, a lot of my friends are working, so i don't have a lot of time to socialize, and i'm between jobs, so i have a lot of time alone on my hands.
what are some important skills i can learn while i'm bored that can benefit my future, or what are some things i can do without my license or car that can be considered "life changing" or experiences that i will remember.
i don't want to get into a habit of being ok with boredom, or do what a lot of people my age are doing and drink or smoke any time i'm bored and lose opportunities for growth and lessen my chances of future success and happiness.
well it’s easy they followed some of their hidden from society guidelines.
take a looknat this it’s filled with teachings from judaism on how to have a successful life.
[youtube video](
here are some of my favorite quotes on personal development.
habits, tendencies, actions, thoughts, things we all need to consider.
&amp;#x200b;
i have so much i want to do, i'm currently working a construction job this summer, going into my sophomore year of college, where i have to wake up at 4am each day and work 12 hour shifts.
i'm doing it so i can get a car as soon as possible, and i'm also working to get my license.
i'm planning on dropping everything once i get my car to travel somewhere on my own, to cross items off of my bucket list before it's too late, things like skydiving.
my goals are to get my license and to buy that car with my own money, travel a lot, walter mitty style, to volunteer with charities and etc., to figure out my major, to eventually get a reasonable job, and develop minimalism.
i want to start writing more, and get into physical shape, as well as control my emotions(anger specifically) better through techniques such as meditation or therapeutic methods.
i want to develop a stronger backbone and find the confidence to talk to girls more and actually convince myself to ask one out, and hopefully have a wife and kids by age 30. i hope to maybe get involved with one of my role models in the future, even if just by meeting and having a meaningful conversation with one of them.
there are a few other goals i have too, but i don't want to drag on too long.
i have two problems with this, one is that, despite all of these goals i have, i still feel i have no endgame in mind, i don't have one big goal set or anything that will close the empty hole in my life that i can think about, i don't know what i want to do with my life, but i have all of these ideas(above) that i want to accomplish along the line.
how do i develop a proper plan, and how do i find something to be passionate enough about to have that in mind?
and also, an alarming thought is that a piece of me wants this all so that in the future, if i ever meet a specific person in my past who wronged me, i can prove to them, and myself that i had lived a happier and fuller life than them, and i know that this is an unhealthy thought and will, even if i accomplish that fear, leave me feeling empty, and even rotten if i fail that goal.
how do i shake that thought from my head?
i want to be able to have a set goal in mind that keeps me completely 100% motivated and see the end goal specifically, as well as do it for myself rather than do it to show someone up because they made me feel bad.
i was once in awe of biographies i read and wondered how every great man had their defining moment except me.
not that i am calling myself great, but i thought to become great you need your defining moment.
i decided to find my defining moment.
however, the problem with the defining moment is that you cannot create them as they are an external activity which comes to you.
you cannot create it.
i wanted to know more about it so i went ahead and decided to find some real-life examples of “defining moments”.
i messaged some of the highbrows of the film and advertising industry and asked them if i could meet them and ask them about their life journey and defining moments.
to my surprise, everyone i approached agreed to meet me and talk to me about his or her defining moments.
i met more than 20 people from various fields, some were ceos, ad film directors, film directors and some were executives and some were art professionals.
they all told me about their journey in detail and how one thing happened after another but by the time interview ended i asked them what their defining moment was and they all looked at me.
they had never thought about it.
none of the successful people i met had their defining moments.
they all told me stories that they kept on doing what they thought was best at the moment and things kept on happening for them.
so there was no particular defining moment in anyone’s life, rather their life was a collection of so-called defining moments, which changed their entire life.
one ad filmmaker told me that he came to mumbai clueless, as he did not have a graduation degree, contacts and any money but he as to find some work somewhere.
his distant relative got him some work but it was an unpaid job of tv show editing where for the first six months he just had to sit behind to learn and watch professionals editing and there was no pay involved.
for lack of anything else to do, he started doing it.
later, he got his hands on editing and was being paid meagrely for editing.
years passed and he became an in house editor for the company.
he was well settled now and was earning more than he expected from himself.
once he was editing promos for mtv, which looked lavish and cool but were mostly low budget.
he would keep telling the production people, what shots were missing and how they can make it better.
after some time, since he had given so many nice insights to them about the shooting, they asked him whether he would shoot some promos for him.
he said yes.
for the next two years, he kept shooting promos as director.
he was known in the circuit as the director and editor of promos.
after watching his promo profiles, someone offered him ad film to direct and he that’s how he got his first ad film.
he later did more than 300 ad films and established his own company.
one thing led to another and later he started doing his own feature films.
he told me that he just kept doing what he thought was coming his way and he never said no to any work no matter what it was and never had any defining moments.
similar stories were of other people.
defining moments is a word that is used in books and documentaries to create a dramatic effect and it works like a charm.
defining moment, in my opinion, is similar to the phrase “overnight success” in context.
it talks about that one moment when everything changes for a man.
in reality, nothing like that ever happens.
life is a gradual step-by-step process of doing things and things happen over a long period of time.
a man who refuses to quit becomes successful and a man who quits lives a life of failure and oblivion.
stop getting involved in the mumbo jumbo of literary words that are used for creating a dramatic effect.
nothing will ever happen in a moment or overnight.
i wasted two years of my life researching about it only to know that it was a myth.
never wait for any defining moment.
the success of any person is the result of his persistence and his ability to get up every day and do whatever it takes to become successful.
how successful can an instagram account get?
the get rich project intends to find out!
follow grp and see every step of the way.
we will share every single source of income, followers gained, and sponsors made with you, in order to get rich, and help you follow a successful formula!
(link to page:
i've been in debt since i graduated high school.
i'm now almost 25 and for the first time in my life, besides my car payment and petty student loans (which i know still count, but not as intensely imo) i am only 750 dollars away from clearing out all my debt.
i have been kicking my own ass, and working my butt off, and absolutely miserable for the last two months.
after i got a new job and started making about 400 dollars a month more than previously, i've been putting over a thousand dollars a month on my credit card debt.
i've been paying down a total of 12k periodically since i was 19, and six years later i'm nearly done with every bill, every card, every medical statement.
i could nearly cry because of how excited i am to finally, for the first time in my life, feel like i'm free of this crap.
it makes me feel like i'm on the right path, and getting to where i always wanted to be when i was younger.
like maybe all those things i wanted to accomplish as a kid might be possible.
like maybe, just maybe, i don't have to stay in the rut of my parents and that i can make it out of the terrible cycle of dirt poor and mean that my father was in.
i feel like i'm on my way to being a kinder, happier person with all this burden finally gone.
much love and good luck to y'all on your journeys to success.
this is from napoleon hill, the man himself.
i've listened to this countless times so i wanted to dig a little deeper and share my thoughts.
i hope you enjoy.
much love!
&amp;#x200b;
when you hit rock-bottom, you have nowhere to go but up... or underground.
for those who make it out of the darkness, it seems that success becomes an obsession, a new addiction.
could this be why many ex-addicts become multimillionaires?
here is a [video]( that talks more about the topic of success and addiction.
curious to hear your thoughts on this.
i feel like i can expect a solid d in french
one third of heavenly angels sided with satan, to lust for power that’s matched with an evil mind, emotions, and will.
god allows them to exist, to test our beliefs in him as well as ourselves.
we are controlled by these entities, because they know how to give us instant satisfaction and we allow them to take over our consciousness/ subconscious.
save yourself and guard your hearts, allow god into your life and let him satisfy you with the magnitude of his love.
stay woke my friends!
he’s chasing you, all you have to do is believe.
be grateful for what you have and focus on that.
remember how bad you wanted it.
remember how much you believed in yourself, now put the same energy into the love of our lord and savior.
it’s not easy to follow his commends and we will always fall short, that’s why he gave us his only son to die for all the sins we’ve committed.
don’t stress, just love!
god bless you all!
might my lack of success be nothing more than possibly gods will for my life, and life consists of more than success?
i’ve tried so hard to be successful at a career but i could never fully acquire it.
now i’m ending life in my 50s and i think to myself, huh.....
why is it being prompt and every early, going the extra mile in life has only brought me eventual failure????
why the hell is that?
now i’m almost a senior citizen in a few years and here i am,  not loved and unsuccessful!!!!
so much for being responsible!!!!!
what was the reason you were held back and when did you realise the thing holding you back?
i realised the reason why i was held back was because of my wrong attitude.
i realised this when i entered into a seminar with other people in the same predicament, and took the time to observe them.
several of them had in some way wrong attitudes holding them back.
seeing this in them made me reflect on myself.
guy a was not ambitious because he harbored the philosophy of finding balance in life, that nothing good came out of desire, only misery, he was not ambitious and treated life too chill.
hence he wasn't motivated.
pretty straightforward.
guy b completed his masters in a good college overseas.
did not sell himself well and a combination of factors like bad job market led him to a job with long hours and strange shifts.
he seemed to have done everything right but was down on his luck?
girl c is pretty bright.
she was bright from young.
seems pretty successful.
her family too.
has good genes.
everything seemed in place.
the thing that held her back was an eating disorder perhaps caused and brought on by her career choice of entering showbiz, which her parents disapproved.
one wrong decision in life did her in, perhaps?
guy d has the right attitude.
pretty motivated.
covers all bases.
looks out for everything that he might have missed.
turned over every stone.
ocd.
burns midnight oil.
is hardworking.
has all the material qualities to be a straight-a student.
perhaps his issue is that he overworks and thinks too much?
he over-prepares?
what was the reason you were held back and when did you realise the thing holding you back?
every idea that memory thrusts into your consciousness carries with it the impulse to act upon it.
if you fail to do so, the matter may not occur to you, or when it does, it may be too late.
this is something i’ve seen people on the fence about.
i’m currently on the path to pursuing many of my educational, research, and personal goals whilst having a long-term relationship.
the problem is that my gf and i are in very different fields.
she does, however, respect my time and commitments.
really what it comes down to is the guilt of not being able to commit more time to her and the overbearing stress of occasional fights and disagreements.
is it worth the stress?
in your experience, is a relationship mutually exclusive to real career success?
maybe it's just the way i see things.
but i believe that every single step i take in life, every tiny minute step i take to try to better my life is sabotaged by set backs.
whatever i try to do i don't get done.... something always goes wrong.
i have been a self-help student, coach, and teacher for more that thirty years.
during that time i have read, attended, listened to, and applied almost everything i could get my hands on.
i have gone through periods of extreme success, and extreme frustration.
what i have learned along this journey is that there are many popular self-help teachings that on the surface seem to make sense and be helpful, but are actually disempowering and manipulative.
these teachings lead people to inaction, keep them dependent on their teachers, and prevent people from creating the life they desire.
here are my top nine self-help teachings that actually hold people back from creating the life they truly desire.
1. the universe is conspiring to your own goodmany of you will not like this, but it must be said.
this myth is the source of great frustration and suffering.
it is used to cover up ineffective teachings, and as an excuse for people relinquish their seat of power.
the universe is not conspiring for your own good.
the universe is not conspiring towards anything.
the universe is awareness.
it does not judge.
it is impartial.
it acts according to specific laws and principles.
if you doubt this then just look around our world.
too many people die poor, lonely, angry, sad, and frustrated for this myth to be true.
where was their greatest good?
when was the universe planning on providing it for them?
the universe will bring whatever you choose into your world.
the universe does not judge if this is good for you or bad for you.
it does not consider if you are deemed worthy or unworthy.
it simply provides you with that which you choose.
the universe reacts to you.
many people are lead to believe that the universe is going to make all of the selections, decisions, and choices for them.
people are under the misguided belief that the universe will someday deliver that which they need even if they themselves are not leveraging the universal laws correctly in order to create their desires in their lives.
unfortunately we are surrounded by many false and incomplete teachings.
because these teachings are incomplete they are either ineffective or have sporadic results.
the default excuse for this seems to be that the universe is conspiring for your greatest good.
we are told that if we just wait, then all good things will happen for us, even if we are not doing what we need to do in order to create them in our lives..if we want consistent and predictable results that we need to apply correct and complete understandings.
we must take deliberate control of our lives.
we must claim our seat of power, and remain at choice.
you can have, be, and do anything and everything that you want to.
waiting for the universe to provide it to you all on its own is not the way to accomplish this though.
the universe is not conspiring for your own good.
it will bring you pain just as easily as it will bring you pleasure.
we need to take accountability for our worlds.
we have chosen everything in them.
we have chosen the good, the bad, and the ugly.
our goal is to do it deliberately.
it is time to properly choose your life!
you are powerful.
you are unique.
you have purpose.
take accountability for your world.
have, be, and do anything and everything that you desire!
2. you just have to feel goodlike all of the other teachings in this post “just feeling good” is, on the surface, a good practice.
feeling good will often lead to a better life than feeling negative will.
this is obvious to anyone; however, this teaching is often used by the self-help industry to induce complacency and inaction.
there are currently millions of people who have adopted this teaching as it is popularly taught.
previously they were going nowhere in their lives.
now the only thing that has changed in their lives is that they are feeling good about going nowhere.
i think this is a problem.
i want results.
the main problem with the popular teachings of ‘feeling good’ is that they do not go into nearly enough instructional detail.
telling someone to ‘feel good’ in order to get what they want in life is comparable to telling someone to ‘swing a club’ to improve their golf game.
it sounds great, but it’s not overly helpful.
people go around ‘feeling good’ but don’t really make any substantial improvements in their lives.
far too many people are taught that all they need to do is feel good and then everything they want will come into their lives.
although it is true that you do need to feel good in order to have, be, and do what you want, simply feeling good will not deliver them to you all on its own.
in their efforts to feel good most people merely push down negative thoughts and feelings and wrap them up in a thin veil of positivity.
this leads to frustration, anger, and ultimately bringing the things they do not want into their lives.
there is a vast difference between actually feeling joyous and pretending to feel good.
a pile of dung in fancy wrapping is still a pile of dung.
feeling good is not a technique or methodology onto itself, and it is very far from an overarching system of personal achievement.
feeling good is merely a compass.
it tells you if all of your other techniques are on target or not.
it is important for us to accurately discern this so that we can ensure that what we are doing will have a true impact and effect on our lives.
3. if you’re not getting results then waitthis teaching takes many forms, but the underlying message is always the same.
there are many incomplete, inaccurate, and ineffective teachings that are popularized today.
when they fail to produce results then people are told that they just need to keep applying the same techniques over and over again, and wait for different results to come.
we all know einstein’s quote about insanity:“insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.”and virtually all self-help teachers will use this quote to try to get you to change what you are doing and improve your lives.
yet when it comes to applying their theories and systems people will be told many of the following:\-it takes time to change\-you have to overcome your inner blocks first\-there are outer forces or powers at work (which are usually said to be working towards your benefit)\-you will get things at some perfect and unknown time\-just focus on being happy\-you’ll get what some outer power knows is good for you, when it thinks it’s good for you\-just keep trying\-everything will work out in the endwhat all of these statements really mean is wait.
they really mean keep doing the same things over and over again and expect different results.
if what you are doing isn’t working, then it may be time to consider trying something else.
the fault is not with you.
the fault is probably with the teachings you have been taught.
i believe the test of a philosophy or technique is in its applicability to real life.
in other words, does it create change in your life, or doesn’t it?
4. things will happen at the ideal timemany people do not realize how disempowering this teaching is.
it implies that things are out of our control.
it states that there is some power outside yourself that may allow you to have things when it deems it to be the right time.
it implies that you are powerless to alter the timeline of things in your life at that you are at the mercy of something else.
it is amazing how many teachings will tell you that you can be, do, and have everything that you want, but only when some other power says you can have it.
these are two very contradictory teachings.
either you are powerful and in control of your own life, or you aren’t.
this teaching is used as a panacea for teachings that are not effective.
people will be told that the techniques and principles that they are taught work, so keep applying them, just don’t expect any results.
this is ludicrous.
this teaching leads to helplessness and inaction.
people will continue doing the same thing over and over again and expect different results.
either a teaching works or it doesn’t.
if you have been applying a teaching for a long time and you do not have substantial changes in your life then you should probably something else – something that works.
5. things are meant to bethere are not many statements that are more disempowering than ‘things are meant to be’.
we see it again and again in popular media.
it is crippling.
it hands people’s power of choice over to something outside of themselves, and resigns them to a fate that they feel is predetermined.
you are powerful.
there is nothing in your life that is predetermined.
everything is up to you.
you can be, do, and have everything and anything that you want.
your hand is on the rudder.
the only question is – will you steer your ship, or just let it drift upon the waves?
although a few rare people who are convinced they have a glorious predetermined destiny will be motivated by the phrase ‘things are meant to be’, the majority of the population is condemned to inaction by this statement.
it is completely disempowering.
there are two sides to this coin – two perspectives from which this cursed statement breeds inaction.
the first perspective is that of a group of people who are forever drifting along without steering their boat.
they are waiting for the breeze and the current to bring them safely to some unknown but wonderful destination.
they believe that all they need to do is float along, and they are assured, and reassured, that something else will take care of everything for them.
there is no need for them to act, or steer the ship.
all they have to do is wait with a smile on their face.
these are the optimists that are under the fatalistic spell of ‘things are meant to be’.
the second group of people who are suppressed by this phrase are the pessimists who are also under its guidance.
these people see the fatalistic nature of the statement to be, well, fatal.
they surrender to the fact that misery and lack are their lot in life.
their misery is predetermined and meant to be.
they believe there is nothing that they can do about their situation, so it is therefore useless for them to try changing anything.
nothing is ‘meant’ to be.
there is no power outside yourself that has already determined what your future will be.
there is no power ensuring that everything will turn our all right for you, and there is no power restricting what you can achieve.
everything is up to you!
you need to take 100% accountability and responsibility for where you are in life, and for where you will go.
all of it is under your influence and direction.
you can be, do, and have everything or anything that you want.
you can also be, do, and have mediocrity.
you can also be, do and have nothing.
the choice is entirely yours.
it is time to choose your life!
6. something has a plan for youthis is similar to #5, with the added burden of trying to please or manipulate the outer power that has a plan for you.
this teaching always involves an outer being or entity that has power over your life, and has a purpose or plan for you.
the two problems that occur here are:1) we normally have to please this entity by behaving in particular ways in order to earn, or be deserving of, the great purpose and future it has planned for us.
2) we have not way of directly communicating with this entity, so we either need to resort to either interpreting signs to determine if we are behaving correctly, or rely on other people who claim to know and understand what it is this entity wants from us.
the limitations here are rather obvious.
we either become dependent on, and obedient to, those people who claim to know how the entity wants us to behave, or we get mired is superstition.
all of these options take away our power to determine our own fate and create our own lives.
you are self-sovereign.
there is no power that has control over your future accept for you.
7. your subconscious is blocking youpeople are often taught that the things they are being taught and trying to apply are effective, but their subconscious is preventing them from happening.
this teaching leads to a lot of dependency on the teacher.
the practice of unblocking your subconscious is a bottomless pit of therapy, and it puts all of the blame for any lack of results on you.
the subconscious, by definition, cannot be consciously known.
you can therefore be exploring it and ‘unblocking’ it forever.
just as a magician can continuously produce objects out of thin air, another subconscious block can always be made to seem to appear to replace the one you just removed.
a person can spend their entire life removing these blocks if they are under the guidance of a crafty teacher.
the entire time that the student is working on this they will be told that the techniques and philosophies they have been taught to improve their world are accurate and effective.
they will be told either directly or indirectly, that any lack of results is their fault, not the fault of the teachings.
the truth is that the universe is a very mechanical place.
you are already an expert creator of your world, and your mechanisms for doing so are working with extreme precision.
you merely need to learn how to focus them and control them.
your subconscious can no more prevent these mechanisms from working than it can prevent you from being affected by gravity, or getting wet when you are out in the rain.
8. you just need to be fixedthe greatest trick in the self-help world is that it is always implied that if the teachings do not work for you, then you need to be fixed.
this is false.
you do not need to be fixed.
you are a dynamic creative force.
you are creating your world right now, as we speak.
your ability to create is perfect.
it is flawless.
it is natural.
you are doing it right now without even giving it any conscious thought.
you have been doing it 24 hours a day since you were born, and you will be doing it until you pass from this life.
it is as natural for you as the rhythm of your heart.
if a teaching is not working for you then there is not something wrong with you, there is something wrong with the teaching.
if something is a cosmic, or universal law, then it should work for everyone - all the time.
gravity does not have different effects on different people.
neither do the laws of lift, acceleration, or thermodynamics.
if you are practicing a teaching that works for some people and not others then the teaching is either wrong or incomplete.
let’s look at the law of attraction as an example.
it is very popular.
it makes sense.
it works for some people under some circumstances.
it does not work for everyone under every circumstance.
why?
it is because often the teachings, although well intentioned, are incomplete.
most people apply the teachings as they are commonly described and fail.
a few people apply the teachings and accidentally apply them differently and get results.
it is like an untrained pool player or golfer.
most of their shots may be bad, but occasionally, by accident, they will shoot a terrific shot.
they will not know what makes one shot bad, or what makes the other good.
they will not understand the real reason why the perfect shot was executed so well.
they will try to repeat the good shot, but lacking the true understanding behind why it worked, they will not be able to repeat it.
some of these people may make up reasons why the perfect shot went so well, but applying these theories will not give them any consistency.
many of these people will even hold their great shots out as examples and then teach others their incorrect theories of why those shots were so good.
other people will apply these teachings and will for the most part not improve their games at all.
given a large enough number of students however, some of them will eventually have accidental good shots too.
it is the same with the currently popular teachings of the law of attraction.
if they are not working for you then the fault is not with you.
the fault lies with the teaching.
proper teaching brings proper results.
what you have been taught is incomplete.
here are a few truths you should know:\-you are not broken.
you do not need fixed\-you are unique\-you are more powerful than you realize\-you always have, are currently, and always will determine what’s in your life\-you have a role and a purpose in the universe.
\-you don’t attract.
you choose.
it is time to choose your life!
9. just appreciate what you haveappreciation is a very powerful thing.
appreciating what you have is vital in order for you to move forward and attain what you want to attain.
the way that appreciation is normally taught to people is good, but it will hold you back from attaining your full potential.
when we are normally taught appreciation we are taught to appreciate what we have, and what people do.
we are taught that we should always look to the positive side of situations, and feel good about what we do have instead of feeling bad about what we don’t have.
i agree that it is far better to focus on having than it is to focus on lack.
a person who is grateful for what they have and appreciates having it will always have vastly more than the person who is resentful for what they do not have, and focuses on what they lack.
the person who focuses properly on what they have will create more of the same in their life.
alternately, the person who focuses properly on their lack of things will create more lack in their lives.
the standard teaching of appreciation therefore is a very good base for people to start from.
being grateful for what you have and appreciating it will serve you well.
it is limited however.
by properly appreciating what you have you will be constantly recreating having it in your world.
you will not move backwards, however, it will also not bring you forwards.
this is how many people attain a certain level of success and then plateau.
they stagnate at a certain level and do not grow, or evolve, any further.
these people attain a certain level of success, and they continually appreciate it.
this continual and proper appreciation continuously helps to create the same state within their world.
appreciating a penny will bring you a penny.
so how does one continue to evolve and move forward?
in order to evolve and move forward a person must create more in their lives.
their desires must continue the evolutionary cycle of being fulfilled and expanding.
i hope this has been helpful.
remain at choice,tom
in ray dalio’s principles: life and work, he discusses how the principles he has adopted and refined has helped him make decisions.
he also discusses that these principles are personal - individuals can make their principles whatever they want.
(i’m paraphrasing hardcore...)i have a bit of a problem applying this philosophy for one reason: principles are fundamental truths, not necessarily personal truths.
if they are fundamental truths, how can people derive them and apply them to their lives?
wouldn’t everyones’ principles just be the same?
sort of like how gravity is the same regardless of how an individual perceives it?
i’m totally open to the possibility that i am totally misunderstanding this book and its concepts.
any guidance is seriously appreciated!
what is successsuccess is what we determine it to be.
one person could see you as a role model, who they want to be just like.
someone could be thinking right now “man i wish i was him” and you would never know.
at the same time someone could think my god i hope i never end up like that fucker.
everything has to do with perspective, nothing is truly great or truly the right way to live because everything in the world is subjective.
that rapper you wish you were well guess what in 20 years you’ll probably thank god that’s not you, or maybe you won’t.
you’ll never know who your supposed to be or who you want to be because nothing will ever be good enough.
once you have something in life it turns into something that is in the past.
you forget everything you’ve worked for because then next “thing” is more important now.
if you think like this you’ll either live your life always ungrateful and unhappy with what you have already.
you can’t ever be happy because your greedy and will always want more more more or you will eventually have everything and then there is nothing left to want and your left purposeless because your goal in life was to have everything and now that you have achieved it it’s not enough and now you don’t know how to be happy with what you have.
your whole life was one big game of chasing a lie that you told yourself was making you happy, it wasn’t true happiness though.
elbert einstein was a theoretical physicist because that’s what inspired him and intrigued him.
he didn’t get famous and such great recognition because he saw another physicist that was famous and thought “damn i wanna be famous maybe i should be a physicist too”.
no he loved his work and that’s what made him good at it.
someone will always have it “worse” then you and someone will always have it “better” than you.
none of that matters, throw that shit out the window because it’s all about what makes you happy and living for that.
that poor child in a third world country that you donate 10 dollars a month too well guess what it’s not like he’s not happy or not capable of it.
it’s about making the best of what you have.
imagine this, there is a homeless man and a rich man.
the rich man has everything that he could ever want in life, he sees something he likes and he gets it.
now the homeless man on the contrary has nothing, he lived his whole life surviving and finds happiness in “mundane” things.
now a family member dies in the rich mans family and he inherits a very small house with one bedroom.
the rich man could give a shit about that ghetto ass house.
now back to the homeless man, a family member in his family dies and inherits a similar house.
he is so joyful and is jumping up and down because he finally has a place to stay.
he doesn’t have to live on the streets anymore, he doesn’t have to be “unhappy”.
it’s all about perspective, if you don’t let something be important it won’t be.
he could be greatfull of what he has now or he could let is pass and then start to feel like that ghetto house is trash and now he feels like trash.
appreciate what you have because you worked for it and if you didn’t work for it be grateful because some people had too.
take the time to remember everything you have done not the things you haven’t because you can’t fix that and doing so will just waste your time.
spend your time doing the things you love not for a hope that you will be something that your not.
be you not some copy cat bitch that just does what everyone else does.
have you looked into what makes people “successful”?
have you noticed that no truly influencefull person is the same.
it’s because to be successful you need to do something different, you need to do you and if that makes you famous than good for you, if it doesn’t then fuck being famous because your happy.
being famous or having money doesn’t make you happy, doing what you love and being successful at it does.
don’t hold yourself to others expectations because your expectations are the only ones that matter.
be happy with who you are and then find people that except that and love you for you.
don’t change your self to try and “make” people like you.
it doesn’t work like that because you will always feel like you don’t fit in because you don’t, it’s not you.
again be yourself then find people like that after.
people will find you and success will too if you be your true self.
always question the motives behind what you and other people do.
if you understand why you do what you do you can then understand how you work.
you can metaphorically dissect your continuousness and get to the roots of ideas.
i want a loyal wife and a family, but that’s not the motive.
i really want acceptance and a feeling of love but why can’t i just love myself or maybe i really do need those things.
you need to question why you want something and if your really living your life the way you “should”.
i inspire you to question everything including this, come up with your own ideas and perceptions of this.
have your opinions and use them to find out more about who you are.
this is my opinion, what’s yours
a few months ago i started dating someone but we argued/expected too much from each other so we stopped.
now we hang out again like we used to but i've clearly moved on.
i still feel strong about her when i'm woth her but when i leave i never miss her anymore.
the real fear i have is that this affects the rest of my personal life.
i already feel like i'm on the verge of making/breaking it in life and i wonder if i can hold this up with her without losing in other aspects of my life.
my actual question boils down to this: how do i do well in school while not feeling like i don't allow myself to explore realtionships.
there is something that held me back for many, many years because i firmly believed and practiced it, and i find that it is holding a lot of other people back too.
what i’m about to share was hard for me to accept because it went against a core belief i held.
i’ve found that some people react the same way i did to it - with a lot of resistance.
however, accepting it enabled me to really start to take accountability for my life, change my life, and move things forward instead of waiting for things to happen for me and to me.
i was finally able to start making the progress that i had wanted to make for so many years, but i had to open my mind to a few core teachings first, and this was one of them.
i was a firm believer that the universe had my back, and that the universe was conspiring to my own good.
i believed that in the end the universe would bring me what was best for me, at the best time for me as long as i remained.
i knew that in the end the universe would do what was best for me, and bring me everything i've always wanted.
then one day one of my teachers asked me to open up my mind and take a look at the world around me.
she asked me how many people were not getting what they wanted.
how many people were leaving this world without their potential and dreams fulfilled?
how many people remained sad, lonely, and broke?
how many people struggled their entire lives and their good fortune and what's best for them never comes?
i had to admit that it happens a lot.
i knew a lot of people, and i still know a lot of people, who are staying positive, working hard, visualizing, and all the other good stuff.
they are putting it all out into the universe, but things just aren't happening for them.
and i was one of them.
sure, i’d get sporadic pockets of success, but i was not really launching my life to the levels of success that i was looking for.
and that was when my mind finally opened up to what my teachers had been trying to tell me for so long.
what i finally had to accept was that the universe is impartial.
the universe isn't judging.
the universe isn't judging if we're worthy or not worthy.
the universe isn't judging if we’re good or bad.
it does not care if we’re nice or you're mean.
the universe is simply reacting to us.
we are the creators, and the universe reacts to us.
the universe doesn't judge if something is good for us or bad for us.
the universe doesn't judge if it's the best time for us, or the worst time for us.
the universe doesn't judge if it's the best thing for us, or the worst thing for us.
i know the universe certainly hasn't prevented me from messing up my life many, many times.
the universe enables you to create whatever you want.
you can create poverty as easily as you create wealth.
you can create loneliness as easily as you create happy fulfilling relationships.
you can create what's bad for you for the rest of your life , or you can create what's great for you for the rest of your life.
the universe is not judging.
the universe is not deciding.
the universe is not deciding what's best for us, or when it's best for us.
we are doing that.
once i stopped waiting on the universe i was forced to take full accountability for my life.
there was nothing left to wait for but myself.
taking full accountability for my life empowered me to change it, and i have seen it do the same for many other people.
remain at choice,tom
what's the biggest problem you face in regards to forging your own path?
like what's your single biggest frustration that comes along with having your own identity in a society that often rewards conformity?
is there anything you've learned or wish you could be taught that would make these things easier?
i speak with a lot of people who are worried about being greedy, or appearing to be greedy, and other people who are think there is something wrong with them because after they attain a goal they become bored and dissatisfied.
in both of these cases i give them the same answer: we are not designed to be satisfied.
we are natural-born creators.
creating is what we are here to do.
the universe is constantly in cycles of destruction, creation, and evolution.
new forms are constantly being born out of the old ones, and everything in the universe, including us, is a part of that process.
plants just grow.
animals follow their instincts.
we, however, are self-conscious, so we're aware of this evolutionary drive within us.
it comes to us through our inner desires.
that's how we sense it.
there are certain things that you are supposed to be creating that are supposed to be born through you.
there are things that we as individuals are supposed to be changing, and doing, and those are our natural inner desires.
an important aspect of this evolutionary process is that it's never-ending.
the universe doesn't just say ‘ok, i've reached my goal and now nothing else is changing’.
it's constantly and continually evolving, and so are we.
so it is a natural process that once we have fulfilled one of our inner desires, once we've created it in the world, that this desire leaves us, because it's fulfilled.
and then it's naturally going to be replaced by another inner desire.
this new desire could be in a totally different direction, or it could be bigger, and greater.
the more you actually do fulfill your goals, and do create what is within you, the more new desires you will get, and this is what spurs us on to keep going keep living, and keep creating.
when you reach a goal and then don't pay attention to your new desires, and you just say ‘oh this was supposed to be it, i was just supposed to create one thing’, then yes you're going to start feeling depressed.
you're going to start feeling unfulfilled.
you're going to start feeling bored, because you're not continuing to fulfill your purpose.
you have unique things in you that only you are here to create, and the faster you create them, the faster they're going to be replaced by new desires.
and the faster you create those new desires, the faster they'll be replaced by new bigger and better desires.
this is how we evolve ourselves.
this is how we evolve the world around us, and this is how the universe evolves.
this is a natural process, and this is not greed.
greed is about taking from others, and making sure others don't have.
what we're talking about is creating.
bringing value to the world.
putting good, hopefully, into the world.
and the more value you bring into the world, the more you will be rewarded.
remain at choice,tom
it is never the conversation with elites or idols that makes you successful, but the inner conversation you have with yourself that makes you who you are.
very few people teach about the three pillars of manifestation, even fewer of them teach the pillars properly.
many people are aware of them, but the pillars are often confused for one another, and this leads to ineffective technique and sporadic results.
here are three pillars of manifestation:the first one is attraction.
the second one is alignment.
the third one is creation.
these are three distinct things.
some people mix up attraction and alignment, but there are three different phases, with different techniques, and different ways to apply them so that they are effective.
the first pillar is attraction.
this is your classic law of attraction.
when done effectively attraction is the drawing towards yourself of circumstances, ideas, events, opportunities, people, resources, probabilities, and everything else you need to achieve your goal.
these are all usually probabilities.
the attracting of these probabilities to yourself is pillar number one.
the second pillar is alignment.
it is aligning your vibration with your goal, and this is not the same thing as attraction.
aligning your vibration is aligning yourself with what you've drawn around you so you can even recognize it,  so you even know it's there - so you can interact with it.
if you're not properly aligned then you can draw all these probabilities to yourself and not be aware of it.
it's just like how two people can be in the same room, at the same party, with the same crowd.
one of these people is depressed, and the one is really happy.
the depressed person will notice all the negative things.
the happy person will notice all the great things and they'll both come out of that shared experience with two completely different experiences because of what they're aligned to.
your vibrational alignment affects your perception.
it affects what you see, what you realize, and what you can interact with in your environment.
pillar one, attraction, and pillar two, alignment are two different things.
pillar three is creation.
you must take action in order to create your desires.
actions are the trigger on the gun.
action makes things happen.
actions turn probabilities into realities.
you can draw all these opportunities, circumstances, coincidences, people, resources, information, knowledge, inspiration and all the other things you need, but if you're not aligned with it you won't notice it, and if you do notice it but you don't take action you're not going to trigger anything.
things are not going to happen.
you have to take action to turn all those probabilities you've drawn to yourself, and you've recognized, into realities.
so there are three distinct pillars which have different techniques, and different levels of knowledge to use effectively.
once you can effectively leverage all three of them life is going to change.
remain at choice,tom
today i would like to talk about something that i see holding a lot of people back from truly creating the life that they desirenow i'm a huge believer in positive thinking.
i know that you can get more done with a positive mental attitude than you can with a negative one, however these days there is an epidemic of intense focus on always feeling good, always feeling positive, and always feeling wonderful, and this is actually keeping a lot of people stuck in place and preventing them from moving forward.
let's take a step back for a minute.
think of all the people you know of that already have the life that you desire the life you would like to create.
they have the fame they have the fortune, they have the health, they have the family - whatever it is, or all of it.
do you really think that they always feel happy, always feel wonderful, always feel positive?
of course they don't.
everyone feels fear, doubt, and uncertainty.
everyone gets mad, and everyone gets frustrated.
it's natural.
in fact many of the most famous and wealthy people that we know are well-known from suffering from depression and other emotional maladies, and some of them are just plain jerks a lot of the time.
they're angry, they're bullies, and they're mad.
so if they've already created the life that you want to create how can this teaching fundamentally be true?
the truth is that emotions are a form of energy - be they positive emotions or negative emotions.
they’re just a form of energy and all those emotions - no matter if they're positive or negative - all of that energy they have can be directed towards creating what you do want.
you just have to learn how to redirect the focus of that energy and direct it in a positive way to what you do want in your life.
what holds people back is when they keep negative emotions inside  - not using that energy but keeping it inside.
and this is usually because they're suppressing them.
they're holding them back.
they're pretendingthe negative emotions are not there.
why?
because they've been taught that they always have to feel happy, always have to feel wonderful, and always have to feel positive.
then these negative emotions come out and they pretend they're not there.
i did this for years and years and years until i was taught something new and could finally move my life forward by really directing all of that energy from negative emotions towards creating the life that i do want.
the truth is that negative emotions are natural.
they have a purpose.
you have them for a reason.
if you are pushing yourself, if you're moving beyond your comfort zone and boundaries, if you are trying to do something new, or trying to do something that sets you apart from the crowd, then you are going to feel negative emotions.
you're going to feel doubt, uncertainty, fear, frustration, and nervousness.
this is natural.
you have these negative emotions for a reason.
one of the many reasons you have them is to give you the energy require to propel yourself forward.
you just have to learn how to use it properly.
remain at choicetom
hey guys!
there are plenty of self-help books out there and i kinda feel lost in this whole ocean lol.
therefore i'm looking for recommendations for books, which might not be that common but are mind-blowing!
thank u loads!
i'm currently reading graziosi's new book, millionaire success habits: the gateway to wealth and prosperity.
 the info so far is excellent.
the way he words things in his stories and examples just makes you go "hmmm."
even if you already know the gist of what he's going on about.
it definitely has a think and grow rich and/or the strangest secret vibe to it, as i'm sure he's studied hill's and nightingale's work.
graziosi's book is really just a modern update on the principles that those guys shared throughout their lifetimes.
i feel like this book does such a fantastic job of explaining the steps in the recipe to a successful lifestyle that people will still be reading and talking about it the better part of a century from today.
thoughts?
&amp;#x200b;
&amp;#x200b;
# (searching for like minded people)!
# why does outwards thinking provoke people to be negative?
# taking about the what if, what is, and what could be if mindful on importance?
# example: is mental heath important personally and professional?
"excuse the bad grammar or any typos"just came to the reality of the true meaning of consciousness and emotional intelligence!
the lack of self-awareness among my peers and how we deal with emotions on a subconscious level.
i was dumbfounded by the fact that this illusion was around me until i disconnected from social media.
i know this doesn't relate to the question but bear with me if you are still reading.
the first thing i noticed was the 5 stages of grief that an addict goes through stopping an addiction.
(delete all social media or hide them in a folder on your phone, turn off all cell phone notifications for 21 days, txt's people who are important to you and journal emotions/experiences)holy cow i felt depressed at first and honestly insane like i was talking to myself but what i did notice was that i had a lot more time.
started doing this thing called outwards thinking asking: how i could use my time effectively?
leading to more question that like: what did i do when i was bored?
did this task make my life easier or harder?
just questioning everything!
(recommend meditations and looking up videos on "stoicism")the deeper i got into this my eyes started to open on the philosophy of life breaking it down to mind, body, and soul.
leading to values, beliefs, and ethics humans should hold more meaning too but a lot of us are ignorant towards that thinking "ouchy i have to think/learn... run to twitter and post about something negatively irrelevant (conditioned behavior)"  wondering why we can't form meaningful connections with other out of the 1 to 5 friends we have.
recommend:  business related books(how to win friends and influence people by dale carnegie)(plato's five dialogue).
i'm not the only one that thinks this way but shining the light to the people i call friends and family who will drown this out and call it wishful thinking.
leading to one big question "you want to be healthy, attractive, smart, successful, popular and loved?
if you know your emotions behind your good or bad habits what if, what is, and what could be is someone incredible.
a better version of yourselflinks below (explains each a narrative of known rappers, j.cole, logic, eminem, etc all concluding to the same realization of our shifting culture)&amp;#x200b;[[ [[
as a young person, how would you describe success to look like in your life?
what advice would you give to others?
what are your careers and hobbies?
&amp;#x200b;flight was "impossible", light without fire was "impossible" and computers were "impossible".
someone made the choice to ignore popular opinion, and now we have planes, lightbulbs, and technology...things that we can't imagine life without.⁣  ⁣  we want to support you on your journey!
connect with us!
😃⁣  ⁣[resonova.com](
i started my first official blog lately and finally let it go live!
i talk about my new weight loss journey and my mental health!
check it out:
social media caught my attention when i figure out there are people out there would pay you 1k a month just to post on facebook and instagram twice a day.
hi folks i started building my personal brand in jan of 2019 and planning to start a online marketing agency after 6-8 month in because i wanted to build enough rapport and social presence.
surprising i was able to sign two clients for social media management ( which is basically posting on fb and instagram twice a day) by dming and commenting.
i put together 16 tips to grow your social presence and hopefully this can help out some of you because personal branding gets real when you starts to see opportunity.
disclaimer: the following content does not include affiliates or ad promotions.
[
hi guys,&amp;#x200b;just thought i'd put it out there that we have a vibrant community of 200+ members looking to manifest their success, come join the community and meet all of us.
&amp;#x200b;[&amp;#x200b;thank you!
3e34b2614e5c1b4c2d3084a4102638490f9ef20e6c958ba076eec73aec614a47
2 months ago i started to make motivational videos since the start i feel i got better quite a bit and i keep getting better with each video.
would be interesting to hear the areas where i could improve more and make better videos.
would love to hear your feedback.
here is the latest video [
procrastination kills more dreams than failure ever will!
based on my research for overcoming procrastination, i have found the most powerful technique there is - at least for me, anyway.
want to know what that is?
it's doing more of what scares me.
it's doing more of what makes me feel vulnerable.
simply put, it's taking action, taking action in the face of adversity.
this is what i have found works best for me.
here is some good content on overcoming procrastination.
[good luck in your efforts to not procrastinate.
if you are interested in free tips on how to be successful and live your best life, then check out my wordpress website[&amp;#x200b;please comment below with any questions you may have or any feedback that you would like to offer.
it would be greatly appreciated and i wish you all much success.
i want to pay off  a card build my credit and save money the n the long run but don’t want to get raped by the bank for interest
sometime you have to dare to do something crazy in life, especially when it scares you.
i think many of us have experienced that: you get to a point in life where you realize something has to change.
changes can be scary, especially big changes regarding your career.
i made a big career change in my life.
it was a risk.
i quit my job that didn't fulfill me, packed my bags and stared travelling.
it turned out to be the best decision of my life.
this is why i decided to write a blog post about it.
i would love to hear you thoughts about it: [
i've been a combat sports athlete for over 10 years, i've finished all my exams to earn my cpa (chartered professional accountant) designation, yet my blog, the extroverted introvert, has been one of my most proudest personal achievements - hitting my 500th visitor earlier today!
[i hit a real low point in my life last year, it was a cascade of events and my inability to adapt to them.
had an epiphany of sorts during that time and made it my goal to finally begin my blog which i had planned to do a year prior.
topics i've discussed so far are:\- selfishness\- vulnerability\- happiness\- the importance of art in our life\- self-acceptancei believe i bring a unique perspective with my words and can offer value to anyone who reads it.
if you choose to read, please feel free to comment or subscribe (you'll only be notified for new posts, no spam)any feedback is always appreciated!
i wish you all a fantastic day!
&amp;#x200b;
way too many of us are limiting our lives by fear, be it fear of failure, fear of rejection, fear of being judged, fear of other people's opinion, fear of getting mocked, fear of getting laughed at, or any other kind of fear.
way too many of us are not living our lives to our full potential.
we all have grand dreams, we all want to succeed in every single area of life, make ton of money, be rich, famous etc.
but how many of us are getting what we want?
think about it for a moment.
people are afraid of trying something new (or taking action) because they think they might fail.
and they think if they fail then others will laugh at them.
people are afraid of speaking in public, and interacting with other people.
reason?
fear of being judged by other people.
people don't feel comfortable expressing their views and opinion.
reason?
fear of conflict.
you see how this works?
here is the truth, at least my truth: all of us can achieve all our dreams.
as humans we are all equal.
if one person can do it then every other person absolutely can!
there is no rocket science to it.
one thing that limits us is fear.
and that's why in this video i explain what fear is, why we limit ourselves by it, and most importantly how one can overcome it.
dear subscribers,i have just taken over r/success and i plan to make it grow.
it will take some time, but my vision for it: how to be successful in life in general.
-mindset -inspirational articles and videos -interviews with successful people -tips and advicecontent submitted must be of quality.
short articles that simply name some concepts without going into enough depth will be removed.
post content from successful people, not wannabes.
if the content is from someone young and unknown, it better have something really interesting to it.
for the time being: -	please report smam -	feel free to contributethanks
hi, just a quick question:i have 4 creative tasks that i would like to dedicate myself to.
the problem is that after books like the one thing etc, there is the argument that one should dedicate themselves to one task only before moving on to the next.
the 4 tasks i would like to dedicate myself to are:1 - writing a novel.
2 - learning game development and making a game.
3 - learning a daw (studio one) and making an album.
4 - writing a 2000 word monthly column for my website.
at the same time, i would like to read 1 book per week.
with this in mind, is it 1) better to work on the above 4 goals simultaneously per day (multi-tasking), or b) dedicate 1 week to each task before moving on to the next (the one thing)?
i think option b) might be the better solution.
what do you think?
i suffer from adhd and depression and aspergers.
o find it really difficult to concentrate so i did crap in my exams, ended up getting an office job after high school, then quit because i found it difficult to concentrate.
and now i’m without a job.
i’m kind of jelous of some of my friends who went to good universities and now have good jobs in banks etc.
i always look up to entrepreneurs who have self made businesses.
so i was just wondering, if i can’t even handle an office job; could i ever be an entrepreneur or is that just a pipe dream?
i mean i can’t get organised or motivated to do anything so it feels like all these aspirations and dreams i have are just mental masturbation.
&amp;#x200b; rewriting your successamazon best selling authorattn: entrepreneurs looking for massive confidence and financial freedom“free book reveals how anyone can rewire their mind for success to create financial independence”rewiring your success is the most brilliant work on the market today.
using his own success story, john describes how anyone rewire there mind for success to create financial independence regardless of the economy.
john teaches people all over the world how to identify there limiting belief and rewire yourself for success,discover your superpower…become the master in 1 skillset…and use 20 secrets of the most successful people which john has applied and have been proven, using those to create wealth in their jobs, businesses, or entrepreneurial ventures.
unlike most business books that expound on theory and paint motivational pictures, john provides fast-beating knowledge with clear directions on exactly how to make money, keep money, and raise massive wealth with confidence.
the book is very clear, straight forward without any gimmicks to the point of how one can uncover from zero to have the expert skillset and dominate the niche by solving a problem in the marketplace, how one can create massive wealth and multiple flows of income by following…the success pyramid, the book is exploding with all the techniques john used to become a multi-millionaire.
john is on a very clear mission to create more successful entrepreneurs and allow them to see there full potential that will compound to create the greatest lift of overall global fortune.
define:the more detailed the decision is the better your result.
what exactly do you need to decide?
alternative:get creative here, there might be another alternativeare their any alternatives?
goal:what is the desired outcome or goal of your decision ?
rank:what is the outcome or outcomes worth?
rank them trade off:eliminate outcomes that are worth the same summarise:you should have a clear winner now for your decision.
if you still don’t consider the consequences both first and second order.
those are the instant results and the later results.
sometimes worthwhile things are painful at first.
such as the gym.
imagine yourself having made that decision.
does it feel right.
you should be happy with it now .
if your not then you need more details in the decision and outcomes .
not all decisions will work out.
even for the best of us.
but we win or we learngood luck
i worked hard in my first business.
but i never knew how to work smart, not hard.
i did well financially but still, i didn’t work smart enough.
i want to try and explain how to increase output without breaking your back.
i also made an audio to help you remember these principles fast.
(combining text-based and auditory information helps retention.)
here is the link: ## my story of working hardin 2005, i created my first business: a russian translation agency.
i would wake up early, walk the dog, kiss my wife and son, and go to work at 5 am.
and i would return around 9 pm.
when i had urgent translation projects, i would sit translating for 18 hours straight.
no rest.
just quick unhealthy snacks.
on average, i worked about 90 hours per week for about 14 years.
with this hard work came two results.
## result 1i felt happy, probably at a level 8 out of 10. i loved what i was doing because i’m passionate about languages and translation.
and as a workaholic, hard work made me happy.
## result 2i built a solid business employing several people.
and i was doing pretty well financially.
arnold schwarzenegger wrote:“i’m a great believer in hard work, grinding it out, and not stopping till it’s done.”## realization 1: i worked hard but not smart enoughyet, here comes the big “but.” i worked hard all right, but did i work smart?
say, i had a press release to translate.
and at the same time, i had to work on participating in an upcoming translation conference.
and i would always choose to translate the press release, even though i could delegate it to a colleague.
as a result, i was missing out on opportunities for marketing and growing my business that the conference presented.
a life coach pam blanchard said:“working hard has little importance unless there’s value in the work that you’re doing.
anything we do hard in our life should fuel us, not deplete us.”## realization 2: “get rich quick” mindsetstill, there is a second big “but” on top of the first one.
yes, i should’ve worked smarter.
but it doesn’t mean that i should’ve not worked hard.
people tend to misinterpret this principle.
they believe smart work is more important than hard work.
they see other people get rich quickly and it looks like a result of smart work alone.
like writing a hit song.
but what they don’t see is years of hard work that came before writing that one song.
## how to work smart, not just hardhoping to succeed by working smart and avoiding hard work is a bad idea.
it devalues hard work.
but working hard without thinking is just as bad.
see, they are both important.
and we need to hit the sweet spot.
to do so, we can discuss our strategy with a devil’s advocate—as a sanity check: a parent, a friend, a mentor, a coach, an accountability partner, etc.
in my example, they would’ve told me to invest hard work into growing the business.
that’s how i could’ve gone from 8 points to 10 points on the happiness scale.
## actionable tipsmy first tip is to work smart, not just hard: have the right strategy for your business.
second, make regular appointments with a mentor to review your strategy.
\_\_\_tl;dr; : my workaholism taught me two lessons about how to work smart, not hard.
use them to start making more money in your business today.
i will graduate with business degree.
13 years ago i dropped out of school failing, trying hard to balance a mental focus that was out of sorts, a new marriage, and the burden of unsuccessfully reconciling emotions tied to abuse.
i spent those years toiling away in retail, working my way up, through communities of people who believed in me more than i believed in myself.
and then i succeeded, and again, and then again.
with each milestone i kept ringing an imaginary bell and with each ding i believed a little more.
then opportunity knocked, a cheap option to start over and finish.
instead of art, i went to business.
i saw it through, again ringing a bell in my head with each class completed.
and now here i am graduating with a 3.868 gpa, a straight a student, i will show my boys what dedication to a goal can do, as my name is called.
i am better than those who tried to keep me down, and i'm stronger than the pain inflicted.
tuesday i will hear back from the first of a few schools i've applied to for my mba.
this was me, my effort, and my determination, supported by people who actually love me, not what i can do for them, but for who i am.
i am a success, and it feels good.
edit: a word
here are some tips
“knowledge is power-when you use it constructively.”
why is it that some people achieve great success in life while others with the same talent never reach the same heights of accomplishment?
could it be something as simple as mindset?
believe it or not, your commitment to maintaining a positive mindset during good and bad times can have a potent influence on how successful you are at what you do.
mindset is values, attitude, and beliefs.
your mindset determines how you respond to various aspects of your life including the decision to grow personally and professionally.
your mindset about your strengths, weaknesses, and past experiences dictate how well you respond to setbacks, failures, stereotypes, successes, and triumphs.
&amp;#x200b;
hello everyone,i wanted to share this question with all of you because it has been with me for a while now and i am at a crucial part of my life where i need to choose what i want to become.
i graduated from highschool in germany last spring.
finished second best in my school in that year.
school was never really a problem foe me, i did not put in as much work as i could have (mostly didnt do homework) and yet finished with extraoedinary results.
i have always sort of known my path, didnt care about others opinions and went my way because it worked well.
i never was popular but i got along well with most people and had my share of good friends.
now, for about 2 years now, my mind is constantly occupied with success and how to achieve it.
success for me mostly means earning a shitton of money and being free.
i see so many people that achieve more than me while being my age and it scares me.
it scares me to be the one behind everyone else whilst in school, i knew how to succeed and surpass people.
now when it comes to making money, i lack that knowledge.
i have started questioning everything.
am i charismatic enough?
persuasive enough?
is this wrong or right?
whats the right way to handle xy?
and so on...i look at other people and i wanna be like them and it felt like i was loosing my personality that sort of always guided me.
i overthink everything.
how i handle every single conversation and action daily.
i know i shouldnt compare myself to others and i figured out i should focus more on myself and my own personality and genuity rather than trying to copy seemingly successful people.
it is hard though.
i am currently taking a gap year in australia, and whilst being completely different to qhat i expected, its a great experience that challenged me a lot and brought me to my limits but its also very maturing and changes me.
i will come back in may and i still dont know wheter i should go to uni (and study psychology oe something business related) or if thats a waste of time and i should get hands on experience in sales or start my own business and do something rather than wasting more time.
whats everyones experience?
how did you decide?
how do you fight overthinking and figure out what to do?
uni or hands on experience?
theres still so much in my head eg investments and how to handle money etc but the post is already too long.
cheerstldri dont have a plan on what to do and it scares me even though i was always the smart guy at least thats what i thought
&amp;#x200b;carlos, from mexico city, was stuck at 6.5 in the writing!
&amp;#x200b;in this tutorial you will learn how carlos achieved: band 9 in the listening band 8 in the reading (he shares a great tip for this) how he jumped to band 7 with just 15 days of preparation.
&amp;#x200b;click here to listen to the interview: [
success if you making your world a better place than you met it.
success is not you having a car, a house, or a couple of bucks in you account.
success is the fulfilment if set goals...
as of me i am now in the most crucial time of my life where i must choose a career.
but i have no goals set for my life.
i don't know if i want to excel in a corporate job or live a peaceful life, start my own business/startup or become a teacher.
as of me i have desperately tried to find a career goal in my life and stick to it, but finding out how the job really worked, i would just leave it.
all i had just done in my life was getting influenced by some people and do what they did.
i couldn't find out where my heart and my mind lies or something that would expand my "boundaries"(that what people say).
i don't know if my goal statements would change in the future or not and that would give me any sort of fulfillment and success or not.
i literally don't know how should i define what my future should be and start chasing that dream because in the end what i do is copy the one that i find is the next best person.
literally what i do is controlled by my environment, so in which corner of my mind does "my" dreams lie?
in [this post]( there are many techniques to start a conversation and keep a conversation going.
sumedh passed ielts in 15 days, now taking the plabat first, he couldn’t connect his thoughts.
then, with the help of the online course and the feedback, he got a band 8!
now he will go to sunny manchester, uk, to do a plab course.
click here: [
a vicious cycle by: michael zawaidehpassing seasons,gives us reason,to look foward,trying leave the pain behind,forgetting what was, or what could've been,questioning and reflecting,the good, the bad, the beautiful &amp; ugly.
with each season,comes sin within reason,winter,some souls first love,when white snow falls,from above us all,our powdered temptation,bright as white - whiffed &amp; sniffed,her feelingmt.
ever _ est,spring,our dearest fling,when her flowers blossom,between her soft colorful pedals,lays beauty,when the sun rises,play as the bee,inject for nectar - plant new seed,summer,the strongest bliss,shall be missed,pop the yellow sun,electric ecstasy,feel her kist,lost ones mind,with a kinky twist,fall,last of them all,drink you away,our liquid doll,meet her -in alci's_ hall,moonshine under moonlight,dance the night away,with the dark demons,seasons passed,reasons ashed,a new year awaits,and our sins overweigh our pure intentions, growth comes within yourself,if forced by others, awaits a vicious cycle.
relinquish &amp; extinguish evil,invite &amp; ignite holiness.
live, learn &amp; lovea new year.
senior managers and executives: what epiphanies or deliberate behaviour changes had the most unexpected and disproportionate impact on your career direction and success?
“it is up to you : change your focus” by carbongrit
rupert didn’t accept his 6.5 (after writing 50 essays!)
&amp;#x200b;in this podcast, rupert tells us how he squeezes in his ielts preparation while working different shifts every week.
&amp;#x200b;he shares his favourite online resources he used for preparing for the exam.
he also shares why he felt he should get a remark.
&amp;#x200b;click here to listen to the full interview: [
 meet diego from columbia!
now he finally got band 7 he’s on his way to canada!
before he was stuck at 6.5 for the writing.
he had taken the exam 6 times in total, that’s almost 2000usd!
he had also tried a few other online course, but none of them promised the success he needed.
in this story diego shares some useful sites, apps, and the exact [online course for ]( to band 7 in the ielts]( we discuss the difference between spanish writing and academic english.
diego has an inspiring story and a never quit attitude, i think we can all learn from this tireless work ethic.
&amp;#x200b;click here to listen to his full story: [
there are many definition about success and failure.
what i really think is it's a basis of what we feel about others and here is what i found ,so called defination, picture ;the moment you start thinking someone else's gain is your loss, you limit yourself by thinking in terms of competition and shortages.
this is the moment when you must discipline your thinking to equate any success with the possibilities for more success.
a lack of discipline is what stops you succeeding in life -nigel green devere ceo
a coworker and i sometimes talk about our future career plans.
he keeps wanting to stay on for a year or two, when we clearly aren't growing in our roles.
i guess it's justified since he's getting married and needs stability.
we had this conversation:we're both millennials getting older and unfamiliar with the lingo the younger millennials use.
then he said that "age is just a number".
his main point was that, "age is just a number".
we're all the same inside, young or old.
my way of seeing it is, "age is just a number".
you always have a choice to leave the job.
to expand your horizons.
the best time is always now.
and i also get the feeling i'm way more ambitious than my peers.
more forward-looking.
but i've not always been this way.
i got to be like this only after crossing 30 and realized i needed to write my own story and leave a legacy.
when i sat down and asked what i wanted to do for the next decade when i'm in my 40s.
sometimes a machine breaks down.
leading to "down time".
what can i do with the time?
sometimes i finish my tasks.
leading to "free time".
what can i do with the time?
i get the anxious feeling that there is something i haven't covered.
but can't think of any.
i feel i left out something, but don't know what.
i think of stuff to do.
and when i really can't, i use the time to relax and make plans, consolidate my thoughts to see whether what i have been doing is right.
are there any tasks/actions, under any situations, that can always be done whenever one has free time?
any effective habits?
 confusiondisappointmentfrustrationangerthoughts of quittingsuccess&amp;#x200b;my tuition teacher had once told us these steps of success and i wrote them down in my notes.
i read them from time to time and i hope it helps you too.
i'm in my mid 20's, pretty laid back (type b personality all the way).
for as long as i can remember, i just haven't had any desire or urge to "hustle" (as garyvee says all the time).
i love teaching yoga and meditating but i'm fine just teaching 2-3 classes a week or meditating 2 hours a day (as opposed to teaching full time/14 classes a week or meditating for 5+ hours).
i work a 9-5 job that's ok but i don't have a drive to make more money or get promoted, etc.
is ambition something i can develop or is it just inherent in some people (i can't imagine garyvee ever being lazy in his life).
a lot of my close friends have been naturally very ambitious since they were young but it hasn't seemed to rub off on me.
answer to is there a correlation between success and happiness?
by boris savransky
everyone meets their success at least once, because where there are clouds there is sun.
i believe that everyone has a time where people you know are proud of you, some may have more success than others but just know that you'll get your time to shine.
i can't believe that last year i thought i would never have the spotlight on me because my best friend usually had it and i know now that my best friend's spotlight and success was well deserved but jealousy had taken the better of me.
i had gotten upset when i my jealousy overwhelmed me but that same best friend still stuck by my side, if i'm honest i didn't deserve such an amazing friend especially at that time.
a teacher had told me that i would get my spotlight, i didn't believe her when she had said it.
my spotlight did come and it's a memory i'd like to keep.
that was a lesson learned, the world didn't revolve around me because there ard other people around me that deserve to win.
i know that my best friend deserves to have the success she has gotten and now i want to give her support when she gets her spotlight.
i'm really proud of my best friend and i can only wish her happiness.
some may have more or less success than others but i believe that everyone will have their moment, their time to shine if they grasp it tight into their hands
i want to read way more then befor and i would like you to give me some inspiration and recommendations.
:)
 now updated with new research--the book that has changed millions of lives after decades of research, world-renowned stanford university psychologist carol s. dweck, ph.d., discovered a simple but groundbreaking idea: the power of mindset.
in this brilliant book, she shows how success in school, work, sports, the arts, and almost every area of human endeavor can be dramatically influenced by how we think about our talents and abilities.
people with a fixed mindset --those who believe that abilities are fixed--are less likely to flourish than those with a growth mindset --those who believe that abilities can be developed.
mindset reveals how great parents, teachers, managers, and athletes can put this idea to use to foster outstanding accomplishment.
in this edition, dweck offers new insights into her now famous and broadly embraced concept.
she introduces a phenomenon she calls false growth mindset and guides people toward adopting a deeper, truer growth mindset.
she also expands the mindset concept beyond the individual, applying it to the cultures of groups and organizations.
with the right mindset, you can motivate those you lead, teach, and love--to transform their lives and your own.
praise for mindset "a good book is one whose advice you believe.
a great book is one whose advice you follow.
this is a book that can change your life, as its ideas have changed mine."
--robert j. sternberg, co-author of teaching for wisdom, intelligence, creativity, and success "an essential read for parents, teachers and\] coaches .
as well as for those who would like to increase their own feelings of success and fulfillment."
--library journal (starred review) "everyone should read this book."
--chip heath and dan heath, authors of made to stick "one of the most influential books ever about motivation."
--po bronson, author of nurtureshock "if you manage people or are a parent (which is a form of managing people), drop everything and read mindset ."
--guy kawasaki, author of the art of the start 2.0 read more here: [
 your life today is basically the sum of your habits.
how in or out of shape are you?
a result of your habits.
how happy or unhappy are you?
a result of your habits.
how wealthy or poor are you?
a result of your habits.
what you repeatedly do (i.e.
what you spend time thinking about and doing each day) ultimately forms the person you are, the things you believe, and the personality that you portray.
but what if you want to improve?
what if you want to form new habits?
how would you go about this?
turns out, there’s a helpful framework that can make it easier to stick to new habits so that you can improve your health, wealth, and life in general.
this book is a great way to start your journey toward enriching your life through the power of effective habit creation.
this book will provide you with the confidence that you need in order to take on any current or future challenges in your life.
what will you learn in the habit handbook?
how habits work  the most efficient method for habit formation  planning to ensure success  the importance of a morning routine  reinforcing new habits  7 habits to live by  much, much more!
the habit handbook is a straight to the point, 'no fluff', guide on instilling the habits you need to change your life.
[click here to read it!!
](
 you are a badass at making money will launch you past the fears and stumbling blocks that have kept financial success beyond your reach.
drawing on her own transformation—over just a few years—from a woman living in a converted garage with tumbleweeds blowing through her bank account to a woman who travels the world in style, jen sincero channels the inimitable sass and practicality that made you are a badass an indomitable bestseller.
she combines hilarious personal essays with bite-size, aha concepts that unlock earning potential and get real results.
learn to:  • uncover what's holding you back from making money  • give your doubts, fears, and excuses the heave-ho  • relate to money in a new (and lucrative) way  • shake up the cocktail of creation  • tap into your natural ability to grow rich  • shape your reality—stop playing victim to circumstance  • get as wealthy as you wanna be  “this book truly crystallizes the concept that financial abundance is an inside job—in that it all begins with your mindset—and sincero gets serious (in the funniest ways possible) about helping you identify your particular limiting beliefs surrounding money.”  —popsugar
people would rather want to see you fail.
people really do suck.
i wish this entire world can just die.
i'm glad i don't have the mindset with other fools.
when i see someone succeed i'm proud for them.
i smile with them.
but i have a similar mindset that when i see someone who thinks it's better than me, i'm angry, as like others.
for example, someone who is a teacher and says she's a genius when she's not and calls everyone a loser.
i feel offended, but much less than other shittyasses.
i always feel inspired by them, i don't understand why no one else has it.
&amp;#x200b;so that's why i hate people.
i don't hate anything about them, the ways they act or anything, i just wish everyone had a change in mindset.
you see, the most successful people, even they have a ton of poor people talking trash about them.
&amp;#x200b;and they're the least appreciated.
i see the presidents at my school - they're all lonely.
and they often live sad love lifes too.
the only benefit they get from all of this harshness from other people, is success.
that's it.
&amp;#x200b;and those guys that fail, yeah, they're the most popular.
it fucking sucks.
i really hate those guys.
i don't want them to fail, but i hate them.
hate them so fucking bad.
hey alli wanted to be honest and have a straight talk about money / finances / success with anyone who wants to get out of the rut they are in or feels aggrieved about their situationi am not selling any course just a straight self made millionaire who can’t believe how much complaining  there is about not being able to afford this or that or why the so called boomers have taken what’s rightfully theirs which i beleive is just those people making excuses for failure - they can only do that when we listen and say awww yeah mate it’s totally them and not you!
ask me anything and i will do my best to give you a candid answer - my advice is free you don’t have to take it but you are all very welcome to it should you wish jj
hi guys,i'm actually new to this subreddit, and even reddit in general.
i'm here because i understood being connected to successful people is extremely important, so i'm here to exchange value with you guys !
hope our skills match, and we can all of us push each other.
so quick review, i'm 20 yo, turning 21 at the end of the month, invested money before  the crypto boom in august 2017, eager for more.
it was the first time i reached a goal in real life, i've then had a lots of success barrier that i'm breaking through, for a social/financial freedom.
i'm working on both, and i think i have a good mindset for success, but i'm so impressed by people that think better than me, it's uncreadible, and i know some.
i'm very optimistic and positive, however sometimes i feel bad, and something i learnt this year, is, however you feel is okay, sometimes you feel good, sometimes you feel bad, stop dealing with it, and keep going accepting how you feel, it's part of the process.
that's pretty much who i am, i'm more complex but don't want to make the post too long.
we can talk about what are your current situation, and what do you plan for later ?
how you feel now compared to your goals and stuff ?
i personnally am super excited for future, and so much things are changing these month, i'm meeting tons of people, more and more successful, i'm changing on the inside and outside, working on creating awesome relationship.
sometimes i feel shitty, not gonna lie, but i'm learning how to deal with it !
and you ?
much love &lt;3
i have an idea for concept of an online success group, that is to be created in accordance with what has been described by tony robbins as the 7th power, or the power of people around you.
or as napoleon hill suggested it, a group where we can work in unity towards similar goals.
see, whoever you are surrounded by, will greatly influence your trajectory in life.
if you are surrounded by people who are poorer than you – you will be poor.
if you are surrounded by people who are smarter than you, you will become smarter in order to keep up with your peers.
a great deal of your motivation and successful perseverance is determined by who you are surrounded by.
since i do not know anybody who is very successful in all areas of life, and with the same drive for overall improvement and wealth, i had the idea to create an online success group, where we are to inspire, motivate, challenge and keep each other accountable.
the group will consist of 3-4 people, aside from yourself, that will contribute to the aforementioned purpose, through bi-weekly meetings and through the aiding of the others members current projects.
the goal of these meetings is to go over the progress one has made since the last time, and to be supportive and push each other towards our respective goals, by keeping each other accountable, inspiring change through example and providing aide and support in any way we can.
the requirements for entering the group are as follows: 1.	fluent or close to fluent english capabilities.
2.	a desire to be part of close group of friends, and commitment to help the group to the very best of ones ability.
3.	a dedication of ones time and resources to the group – hereunder included showing up well prepared for the weekly meetings.
4.	a track record of greatness in some areas of life, and a desire for overall improvement.
5.	a similar point in life – all members under 30. every other week, there will be a new assignment, and a review of last times assignment.
examples of assignments might include: - getting clear on your goals for the coming year- creating strategies for solving specific problems facing one of the members- sharing financial wisdom and investments strategies- tips for excelling academically - manifesting your ideal physique - balancing the various demands, while succeeding in all areas of life - performing under pressure if you are interested in joining a group of, what will soon become, close friends, and you are serious about achieving your goals, and ascending to a higher level of life, wealth, happiness and productivity – then this post is aimed at you.
if you want to create the most radical shift in your motivation, commitment and achievement and actually succeed in you life, and are willing to dedicate yourself to this pursuit and helping others do the same – then this group is for your.
if your want to take a stab at the process that some of the most successful people and teachers of all time, describe as the ultimate tool take your life to unmatched levels, and push yourself beyond what could ever do on your own – then this is where you take action, and send in your application.
the link to apply is below.
fill out the formula, and send it to me.
but before you do, think hard about whether or not you are ready to follow through on this – you will know if this is for you, if you have no doubts and are genuinely exited about this project, and have a true desire to contribute and share with the other members your wisdom and abilities, and succeed together.
i wont give a longer sales pitch, but if you have questions about this email me at onlinesuccesgroup@gmail.com, and i will get back to you asap.
the application process will be open for the next 2 weeks, or shorter if all the right candidates are found before that time.
fill in the application form, and paste in your motivational essay.
link to apply:
hey guys,i want to make a discord that people can join where we can share our goals, give some motivation and keep us accountable.
i think this will help everyone keep that motivation on achieving what that put their mind too.
let me know what you think
starting and youtube about following your dreams in life.
check out my website and let me know what you think.
love it?
hate it?
let me know why.
my goal is to inspire people to choose their dreams over their fears.
to live a life that’s powerful to you.
method-fear.business.site
is the there a price of success ?
are you prepared to pay it ?
nigel green devere ceo explains what he believes is the price of success .
he goes on to explain the price of failure is worse than the price of success
to me it's to have a fun and enjoyable life and that you pursue it with all you got.
it can be as simple as you like it to be.
so how do you define succes?
i’m 18 years old.
i’m a high school drop out but there’s something people see different in me and as i get older i start to see it in myself.
so basically i feel like i’ll be successful.
i’ll be able to live the way i want to live sooner or later but it’s hard knowing where to start.
i have a lot of different skills i know a lot of different things on different subjects.
for example i know about cars, i like the music industry, i want to start a clothing brand, i like video games, i eventually want to get into real estate.
it feels like my brain is overwhelmed on where to start what subject to touch up on first.
i feel rushed even though i know i have time i’m young i’m 18 but i just feel like i have a point to prove.
any advice on where to start or how to deal with something like this
hello people of reddit, i'm in a dilemmai feel like i need to reinvent myself.
i'm very happy with my gf (not a problem), my family is ok, sometimes we have problems but you got to deal with it sometimes.
i have some of those friends but some of them take life a joke and it gets annoying.
i feel like i need to improve my current situation.
i want a more mature friend group, i want to move out of my parents house but i work in a minimum wage job.
i'm in major which i feel is bs unless i go to law school (political science, i chose it because i'm terrible at math and i love the political realm).
a part of me wants to open up a small business but i don't know where to start.
i'm stuck in a rut, i was very consistent with working out but for the past months i messed up my wrist, had my wisdom teeth pulled out, and got sick so it hasn't exactly been the best situation lol.
in conclusion, i'm a 19 yr old man trying figure out my place in this world.
i want to open a small business to support me and my future family needs.
i'm practical so i don't care about "luxury" everyone breaks their backs for(i try to practice minimalism) .
i want to feel healthy and i want to have a group of friends that are mature and don't fuck around too much and actually respect me for trying to improve ( they roast me for trying to stay completely sober and trying to sleep earlier etc.)
i want to move due to the fact that sometimes i feel like i'm not home due to all arguing i have to go through.
i want challenge, i want to be independent.
one of the steps listed in chapter 2 (or 3, depending on your version) - "desire" - is to construct a plan and to act on it at once.
then, on the chapter on auto-suggestion, he says to visualize yourself rendering service and obtaining the desired amount, and to hand that over to the subconscious, and let it formulate a plan and hand that back to you, and to not trust your logical reasoning when constructing a plan... so i assume it would be wise of me to just totally scrap this plan, and wait for a plan from the subconscious?
but he begins this by saying "do not wait for a definite plan."
lol.
the chapter confused me a bit.
can anyone clarify?
has anyone here read think and grow rich?
in the self-confidence formula, hill instructs that you spend 10 minutes a day building self-confidence.
how exactly do you go about doing this?
any good ideas?
i noticed a trend where lot of the rock bands/artists that i like who had monumental success (world famous) were on some sort of drugs/alcohol when producing their content.
for example, jonathan davis of korn was high on meth when he recorded a song (ball tongue) in studio.
lemmy from motorhead drank a bottle of jack every day, same with corey taylor of slipknot when recording the album iowa.
i'm curious as to how they achieved such monumental success while being trashed for most of their waking days.
i noticed for myself when i drink in excess or do drugs i'm a 10000% less more productive compared to being sober even if i was doing something creative like recording a youtube video, drawing or perfecting a craft.
how are those artists able to accomplish word class success while being trashed beyond belief?
hi, we have created a success forum for people who wants to come together for serious discussions about financial education, entreprener ship, book reviews and mental health.
please feel free to come by and visit and create a post [
is that any website or forum that discuss different things like health, entrepreneurship or like helps you to succeed with different things in life?
i could really use it!
 i've been thinking on all the ways people put us productive, high-performance man down.
i came to the conclusion that all these assholes who stand in our way can be put in two categories, and once you figure out where they belong, dealing with them is easy, and as enjoyable as is any battle for the alpha male.
check it out : [
...and so it was that i found that despite my many successes in my life thus far they are for the most part worthless to me.
while studying for a certification it mentions when helping a client develop a mindset for success, thinking back on how they felt upon succeeding would really get them going.
i thought back on my own successes and was like..."meh"as a result i don't have any such memories to draw upon.
da fuq do i do now?
am i the only one to encounter this feeling?
hey!
i’m looking to start a success story podcast where i read aloud various stories of rising from ashes, working hard and succeeding, and just any other success stories to show that everyday people like you and i can have successes.
i’ve been searching for lengthy (detailed) stories of success that i could read (with permission, of course!)
for this new endeavour with no luck.
i was wondering if you had any stories you would like to be featured (with credit!)
on my new podcast 😊
hey guys, i've been thinking about productivity lately, to be more precise, i've been thinking about why are there times when productivity seems to slip our hands no matter what we do or how motivated we may feel to work.
i'm also a masculinity lifestyle blogger, all about becoming the best man one can be.
so i did some thinking ,and some writing on the topic, maybe you'll find it useful.
article: [
 [
obviously, one is certain "i can do this" the other is rational "i have a very good  chance of doing this".
in life, nothing is ccertain and i have a very difficult time allowing myself to think "i can do this" as it seems illogical.
it is not certain, nothing is certain.
i also know that thinking "i can do this" feels a lot more motivational.
has anyone had any experience  with this themselves, what are people's thoughts?
thanks.
i'm a writer, and i'm interested in talking to highly successful people who also happen to be very miserable.
my goal is to interview folks who have achieved a high level of success, whether it be material wealth, prestige, fame, love, or other trappings of success.
folks who are envied by their neighbors, friends, and internet followers, but who also happen to be super unhappy with their life.
below is a sample of the kinds of people i'm thinking of, ordered by probability of finding someone like this within the reddit network:entrepreneurself-taught 100x programmer lawyer with an ivy-league education ambitious surgeon famous author of fictionprestigious ivy league professor beloved local politician oil tycoon nobel-prize winning scientist olympic athleteplease feel free to comment if you meet this criteria or know someone who does!
what i want to know is: who are you, what made you successful, and what are your specific miseries in life?
if you want something you have to become the product of this imagination.
you have to trust the universe and shift the energy and make the series of events work for you!
start the creation to become the creator of your dreams (dreams are imagination.
reality is the imaginative creative results.
 meet this man.
&amp;#x200b;this man was out of money.
just a few thousand rupees were left over.
so, his wife forced him to move to the capital city of new delhi for exploring new options of employment.
after resisting a lot, he agreed.
there in the exurbs of new delhi was this another rising city of noida.
that is where this man found his first job as a marketing salesman.
it paid him just 2500 rupees a month.
the amount was paltry compared to the needs of the family.
but, 2500/month was better than nothing.
so, he joined in.
he toiled hard for over four next years.
during this course he had changed over 8 jobs and had begun to earn up to 10,000 rupees a month.
until then he had been staying away from his family.
his beloved wife and son lived into the small town of rajasthan while he worked day and night.
and it was finally after these long four years that he finally re-united with the family.
he brought them all to bahadurgarh, haryana which lies in the exurbs of new delhi.
there the family took an apartment on rent and spent almost the next 4 years at that address.
during this course, he took a loan to buy a motorcycle.
and, that was how he managed to buy his first ever motorcycle, tvs star city - sport edition.
he was really excited and filled with vigour.
while his wife's proud face was clearly showing how enlivened she was over the progress that her husband had made in the past few years, rising from the dust.
after years of travails into the industry, this man finally found a job paying a huge rise.
the new job was offering a 2x increase into what he was earning then.
but, for that job he would have to travel to faridabad every single day.
faridabad and bahadurgarh two points diametrically opposite to each other by almost 90 kilometers.
but, at that time the money mattered the most to this man.
why?
costs of living were rising.
his son was growing up.
he had to save for the future of his son, his education and also for his wife and himself.
not to mention the biting inflation which was alarmingly rising.
so, he joined the job.
he would drive his bike back and forth to and from faridabad every single day.
almost 200 kilometers of journey on a bike every single day is a torturous experience, but he overlooked it.
he would leave early every day by 6:30 in the morning and return late by 11 pm on the clock.
his son would often walk over his back at the night to relieve him of some pain.
his back hardly recovered from the pain even in the future.
but, his struggle was paying off somewhat better in monetary terms.
so, the monetary satisfaction was driving him to do more and more.
by now he had gained immense experience in his industry.
he had a country wide network even at the ground level.
he had become a sought after name in the industry.
so, he landed a great job almost three years later.
and, this time he was going to be the country-head for marketing.
his hard work had earned him a lot of references and accolades in the industry, and thus the task at his hand was immense as well.
he was given the task to increase the company's sales two-fold over the next four years.
guess what?
he achieved the target in two years and a half.
by the end of period of four years he had boosted the company's market sales by 4 times!
by this time he had already sold his motorcycle and bought his first car.
it was a dream coming alive for him and his wife.
their first car- chevrolet beat lt was bought without any loan.
his hard work had transformed the living of his entire family.
&amp;#x200b;a few years he dared to actualize his greatest dream.
he wanted a house of his own where his wife and son could lead a happy life under their own shed.
he took a massive loan, broke all of his savings, and took advances from the company.
he gleaned money from every possible source and bought his family their own home.
and, this was no ordinary house.
this was a luxury apartment in an upscale society of faridabad.
the man who fourteen years earlier had nothing in his pockets, was now an owner of a house among the biggies of the society.
he wanted his son to lead his future among the best people of the society, and so he made it happen.
do you consider yourself ambitious?
do you have big goals and want to be the best?
do you want to hang out with like minded people?
welcome to elite four.
a place for quality people like you where you can share your progress and improvement, compete against members as challenges, have accountability, work hard to meet your big goals and meet new friends, watch movies, play videogames, participate in discord parties, share music, etc.
we host some challenges, competitions and accountability; we share our stats and progress, help each other out if obstacles appear, work hard together, meet people, and have a great time!
disclaimer: i suggest a 13-28 age range.
also, this is probably not for people who seek more peace in their lives since we want to work and stuff, neither for people who seek to break some small habits, i mean, you can join if you want to but if you don't have goals other than leaving those habits i don't know if you'll enjoy it, you should also be able to get rid of them relatively fast since that would be only the beggining of your journey (and we will help).
but i think the most important thing is that this isn't a self improvement focused server, we are connected because we all want to improve and be great but don't necessarily talk about it, just do it.
ocassionally posting struggles is ok but it's mostly about sharing our progress, staying accountable, keep becoming better, hang out, have fun and bring together a cool kids gang™ with deep, meaningful relationships.
comment or dm me and i will send you the link!
possibly later i will add a discord invitehere is the invite:
im so excited, my wife used to be into retail and was climbing the latter very quickly.
then during the pregnancy of our son she decided to let her career go in support of our family which i supported her fully in doing as i had a job at the time which was very well paying.
my job shut down and we were forced to move in with her parents, i got another job in the new area but it was not as high but we were able to get into our first home.
so 5 years down the road she has had a couple of jobs trying to figure out what she wanted but they were all low paying but i still supported her choices and took the weight of the bills as much as i could.
we have gotten behind on some thing but today she got an offer that is making double what she made before and more then me still!
im so excited because after 6 years of financial stress we are going to be financial well off!
no more money stress after we get the debt paid off but now we are looking at months not years for it!
back in black baby!
nothing more helpful than a gratitude audio for your easy, hand free, subconscious [gratitude audio](
i've got a bunch of things on my bucket list that i want to do before i'm 21(in 19 1/2 right now), and i have yet to do most of them, but even with all of those goals in mind i still feel empty, like there's something i should be working towards that i am not aware of.
in the next year i plan to lose 80lbs, go skydiving and bungee jumping, solo travel to one place for the first time on my own(either new orleans for the culture or liverpool for the beatles history), i also want to be able to try and make artwork that i can sell, volunteer, get a 3.1 gpa in school, and get a job.
my only problem is that most of these are expensive goals and i dont have the money, nor will i have the money to spend after i have a job, on some of these endeavors (my budget is to spend less than $30 a week outside of the schools mealplan).
i still feel as though there is something missing, something that could make me seem more interesting to others, as well as make my life more fulfilling and happy, but i can't figure out what that is exactly.
maybe it's that i don't really have any friends to do these things with( or at least friends actually willing to do it).
what are some cool, once in a lifetime, different things i can do to feel more fulfilled, experienced, and interesting?
adrenaline junky ideas are welcomed, so are the more grounded things.
thanks
 i live in amsterdam, the netherlands and study business studies fulltime.
i don't really have time for a job and flexible jobs are hard to find.
because of that, i'm now making loans to get by.
about €1200/month.
i honestly think i can easily make that money with my blog.
i study business and i have a lot of knowledge about marketing and online strategies.
my blog is about self-care, personal growth, blogging, and mental health.
i know lifestyle blogs are kind of saturated, but i do want to write about something i am passionate about.
i currently have an average of 110 pageviews a day.
i'd like to reach 900 pageviews/day within 3 months so i can apply for mediavine.
mediavine pays pretty well for advertising on your site.
almost twice as much as google adsense.
i can also make printables and an ebook to sell on my website for money.
for now, my goal is to stop having to make loans, but hopefully.
i'll be able to move to a bigger apartment and pay off my debt before i graduate.
[these are my goals for the next month](wish me luck!
follow the pathway to success at www.follow2success.com
hi my name is sam, im turning 25 soon and i am looking for a mentor!
(business, money, trading, finance, entrepreneurship).
i dont want to buy a course.
i want a mentor.
someone whos actually successful and has known failure before!
my mom just got bankrupt and i just really don't want to end up the same.
no one in my family is successful... and i sincerely just dont want that life... they arent happy, we arent close.. at all.. but somehow we all end up the same.. and i refuse.to end up the same.
i will.not and id like some help.
i started on my own already.
started my own employment agency.
growing slowly but surely.
have been learning marketing and sales for the past 2.5 years too.
reading as much as possible.
went in a city 4000 km away from home so i dont just hangout with my buddys ..but i still have no clue of what im doing to be honest..inbox me if you can help and i will give you my contact information!
willing to work for free if i have to, willing to move out, get rid of everything, meet the right mentor anywhere and for as long as needed.
i just dont want to be stuck in a shitty life like them.
i want to understand the world and be part of the 1-3%, i want to be free
my pro tip would be that the #1 thing that makes people successful isn't hard work, etc, like people often say, but rather the ability to put your emotions aside and deal with a huge amount of uncomfortable ambiguity in life, that's been my experience.
people are always looking for certainty, trying to figure out the best path, the most secure route forward, with the least risk, trying to stay in safe situations or attempting to make uncomfortable situations into safe situations, but the truth is that a lot of shit just sucks really bad, when you're pushing boundaries you often have no idea what is going on, and you're often really anxious and in situations where you have to figure stuff out as you go along sometimes with very little information.
it's normal when pushing to feel like you're treading water, like you wish someone else just understood how you feel, but knowing you're basically alone even when surrounded by people.
the people i know who have become successful all made strategic moves forward often walking out into the unknown without anyone there to "understand" or "support" them, they just have a very high tolerance for ambiguity and taking on things even when they don't know exactly how it is going to turn out in the end.
i don't mean to make it sound like they take unnecessary risk, or gamble, but they are all swimming in some form of chaos doing whatever has to be done to make it through.
it's never easy .. unless you're just sitting in a garden retired tending to your tomato plants, and waiting around until everything is safe is a recipe for not doing anything.
people i've known who have become successful didn't make easy short strides, they did bold things like move to new places far away, make bold plans and try to see them through, etc, it was never a safe step from one thing to the next, they moved with courage.
i compiled this list over a few months:1.
competent mastery: mastering challenging and useful competencies.
driven by ambition &amp; grit.
2.
creative adaptability: acquiring a range of skills and knowledge to creatively solve problems.
driven by curiosity, creativity, preparedness, wonder, and open-mindedness.
3.
prudent self-assertiveness: tenaciously confronting my ego, my emotions and fears like the fear of failure so i can prioritise long-term goals.
driven by self-control, perseverance &amp; courage.
4.
independent responsibility: believing only i can make me who i want to be.
driven by an internal locus of control and optimism.
5.
impartial harmony: harmonising with anyone; from those who have harmed me to those i will never agree with.
driven by respect, flexibility &amp; empathy.
6.
cooperative encouragement: building genuine and positive connections with kindness, humour and candor to solve problems and meet social needs.
driven by teamwork, empathy, honesty &amp; respect.
7.
tactful integrity: being honest with myself and others but also abiding by the golden-rule: "do to others as i would have them do to me".
driven by kindness, authenticity and empathy.
8.
empathetic altruism: understanding others enough to be driven to help in an impactful way, even when receiving nothing in return.
driven by compassion &amp; generosity.
9.
mindful self-gratitude: being mindful of the impact of my achievements and contributions.
driven by self-respect and self-esteem.
10.
modest beauty: being someone who gives pleasure to the senses or the mind of yourself and others, but not becoming too proud.
driven by modesty.
would you add or remove anything?
i tried to be as comprehensive as possible.
 in this tutorial, we’re going to talk to mariana on how she passed ielts using our [online course]( mariana is from brazil and she took ielts five times until she finally scored 7.5 in writing.
the other four exams were taken in 6 months and she was getting 6.5 only!
since she sat the ielts paper-based four times already, she didn’t think twice about taking the computer-based format on her 5th try.
now that ielts is off her list, she will apply for canadian pr, (good luck mariana!).
listen to the interview to learn: why she’s recommending computer-based exam how our “course method” gives you an advantage in the writing part how the [essay feedback]( helped her to improve what to do if you have no idea on the topic in writing and speaking the technique she does everyday to improve her vocabulary the question given to her on the exam day and how she wrote her essay how she practiced on the listening, reading and speaking partsclick here to listen to the full interview tutorial:  [
i've been into nootropics (supplements for the mind) for about a year now.
i'm currently gaining more rewards and fewer side-effects from nootropics than ever before.
i hope my knowledge and failures can help someone.
and that someone can help me by telling me what i'm wrong about or have missed/am yet to learn.
[supercharge your brain — principles of safe nootropic use](observe that this is a link to a blog post i wrote.
thanks, david
'life mastery' season-1:
hello guys,can you please tell me what should i do to be success?i am currently studying mechatronics(thats combination of computer,mechanical and electrotechnic engineering) 2.year and i still dont have any plans or ideas for my life.
i am not such a good student,but i am never gave up and never will so can anyone help what should i really learn for my occupation and business to become success in my 20s or 30s?
p.s sorry for my english
provide examples of successful people who went into one major in college, graduated with that major, got a career in it, and years later decided they hated that career, dropped everything, and went back to school to pursue something different.
i'm currently going into an engineering major and it's very hard but i want to have it so i have a comfortable income.
my plan is to graduate with this, and 10 years into my career, if i hate my job, i want to drop everything and go to school for animation and story development.
the psychology of winningas a young man i realized several things about my life, firstly one does not learn on his own he simply pick and prys at others to find himself and what works for him.
be it his personality, he mannerisms or even the way he talks.
all of this has been learned from people that young man admired be it his father, grandfather or even a political figure.
as these fundamental points have been established one can finally understand how and why some succeed and some don’t.
a man goes his entire life watching some win and some lose but never truly tries to become the winner.
now the three points i am going to give are not all encompassing but will really get you thinking.
1. enhancing your mindsetwhat does enhancing your mindset mean?
it is easy for books and people out there to say fancy words such as this and come off as an almost guru like figure.
for one to truly enhance their mind is to not only study the written word but also use the technology and resources were are given.
the typical human has about 4-6 hours of free time daily if one can repurpose these hours to bettering the mind they are one step closer to end goal of winning.
2. deciding your a loser to earlyare you a loser?
that is a question that constantly plagues the minds of the youth through formative years and well into adulthood.
you're not a loser because of were you are from, how much money you have or what car you drive.
i have seen friends with terrible upbringings pull them selves out of the dirt and did great things for their lives.
they did this by not letting society dictate and define them as a loser; instead they decided to say my past doesn’t define me and i will carve out my own piece of the earth.
if you are feeling down and you think your past does define you take a step back and think about the gift you have.
the gift of knowledge.
3. step outside of your worldfear of winning is a fear of achieving.
although it is an innate feature of human biology and psychology to love the things we can not have it does not mean once you have them you are really a winner.
for a lot of people a mansion seems like the best thing that can happen to them, but who can beat the satisfaction of life.
to challenge yourself is one of the most satisfying things on our wonderful planet, to step outside of our own little worlds we created is not only hard but nerve-racking.
we create our worlds to safeguard our selfs from the fear of failure.
fear is a great thing for a winner, find your fears and face them over and over again till there is no more.
real winners take the interview they are scared off, real winners better themselves by putting themselves out there.
challenge yourself in every aspect of your life!
forget your past it does not define you!
knowledge is the elixir of winning.
how are some people so focused and know what they are doing?
when you watch those documentaries where someone spent 30 years being an anthropoligist specialized in digging up human skulls in a certain geographic area, how did they end up being so specialized?
also, in general, i am 22 and still not clear on what exactly i want to do.
how do people in med school know they want to be doctors and should narrow in on that?
how do people focus on one thing when there is such overwhelming choice?
hey guys i’ve been writing and thinking a lot recently and i really am trying to get my writing to blow up.
help me out!
 want to set a goal while using the industry gold standard structure?
in this powerful blog we’re going to talk about a the s.m.a.r.t.
method because it’s been around for a long time and it works very well…again, i didn’t create this method, i just improved on it to fit our specific use and our accelerated timeline.
it works well for creating a goal or a mantra to [reprogram a subconscious mind (belief system](  the acronym for the s.m.a.r.t.
method stands for:     s: specific     m: measurable     a: attainable     r: results driven     t: time basedso check the goal you’re thinking about commiting to and ask yourself …is it specific?
 to do this or to do that…is it measurable?
 to lose 8 lbs, to get 1,000 people in a groupis it attainable?
 something close to what you’re capable ofis it results driven?
 it will happen because of something you dois it time based?
 completed within 30 daysso, we’ll ask one more time… is the goal you’ve chosen the best best 30 day goal you can accomplish with lots of help and support?
 ok great… that part is complete and you now have your best 30 day goal.
if you’re still undecided, reach out to [the group]( and ask for help!
pro tip: create gradual steps to complete this so your body and mind work with you in completing it.
inside the subconscious, we work with the varying levels of worthiness in the psyche.
boiled down in the least technical way possible, we tend to realize the results in our life (and business) based on what our subconscious mind deems us as worthy of receiving.
action items: 1.)
post your goal to the group and specifically say, “here is my 30 day goal \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and yes, i am open to support and questions to help me arrive at a deeper or more relevant issue.” then others can ask you questions to help you arrive at an even better goal if available.
be open to feedback because we need others to see our blind spots.
2.)
support others on their day 6 goal posts with good questions, not bs annoying or nit-picky questions.
meaning, what questions might you ask to help them arrive at a deeper concern or more authentic need.
sometimes it’s obvious to us, but not them 📷 pro tip: when supporting someone else in the group (or in life) remember, not to engage their ego.
come from a place of love and they’ll feel that oppose to feel attacked or made wrong.
super important!
if you haven’t yet,  watch the video training that goes with this article below and make a post in the facebook group page about any wins or struggles associated with this article.
[that link is here.
](
i’m 24 years old, and i’m not exactly where i’d like to be in life.
in fact, i don’t even really know what i want to do yet!
i have all these big ideas but i don’t really know what to do with them yet.
it’s something that really bugs me and bites at me each day.
but i know success is a journey, not a destination.
where were you at my age?
what advice if any do you have for someone at my age, who is struggling to figure out which path to take?
as i have been talking to people about hitting their goals and their daily routines, i have heard from many people how it is difficult for them to get out of bed right when their first alarm goes off.
i understand that there are other root causes that need to be addressed, such as finding your "why", and finding the true motivation so you really do want to get out of bed, but sometimes we just need that push while we are searching within ourselves.
so for everyone who is looking for that push as they are figuring all that out, i created a tool to help get into a starting routine.
i call it "the success alarm", and it is an alarm on your iphone that once it goes off, you cannot turn it off until the tracking mechanisms in your phone registers that you have walked 50 feet.
this ensures that you won't have to set three plus alarms to wake up in the morning, and makes you immediately start moving.
version 1 just released on the app store, so give it a try and see how it can help you hit your goals and reach your dreams!
i have read a lot about how successful people typically have certain habits.
i was wondering if anyone in here have any habits that help them being successful, get up in the morning or whatever?
thanks!
my family is extremely dysfunctional.
i’ve been taking care of my sister since she was an infant, and i was just 9 years old.
i struggled growing up and experienced things no kid ever should.
for a long time i was in a bad place but somehow came out of it.
all the while i protected my sister and raised her to be different.
i learned the hard way what not to do.
instead of yelling i talked to her about how she felt.
i related with her situation.
i told her it was okay to be angry or sad, but not to let it shape her.
i’ve been there for her every time she needed me.
i encouraged her to do well and not let her environment put a stain on her; to enjoy her childhood instead of running away.
she’s 15 years old, and even though her home life sucks and she has no support from her mother, she continues to blow me away with her determination to do well and always do the right thing.
she’s on the honour roll, and works as much as possible, and has a rich social life with activities she’s planned and paid for herself.
she knows better than to turn to drugs for comfort, and she doesn’t give in to peer pressure.
she has a good head on her shoulders, and i like to think i played a part in that.
my life never meant much to me, but she makes it all worth living - maybe that was my purpose all along.
she makes my heart swell, i’m just so incredibly proud of the woman she’s becoming and i’m so grateful to have her in my life.
greg mckeown, new york times bestselling author shares his article on linkedin which is based on the famous quote by warren buffet:-&gt;“the difference between successful people and very successful people is that very successful people say ‘no’ to almost everything.” -warren buffet.
read the full article here 🔰  [
hey, this is the approach i found is sustainable for me in terms of long-term dieting.
it's convenient, liberal, general and compatible with any athletic or aesthetic goal.
hope it can help someone who is struggling to find a way of eating that works for them on every level.
[nutrition principles - how i eradicated physical pain, never get sick and always feel motivated](
what did you do ?
did you think about giving up?
how did you find your way to start trying again?
what advice would you give to somone who is going through that situation.
&amp;#x200b;  “i'm a big believer in the law of attraction, and i think gratitude is the key to that.
i think that's the key to everything.” learn about how to make you life more successful like maia by emailing: [lionsheartlifestyle@gmail.com](mailto:lionsheartlifestyle@gmail.com) regarding the law of attraction.
i personally did this lastyear, and now 'm trying to spread the good vibes!
:)
i feel like everyone is always talking about growth mindset and how it's this amazing thing.
but i have heard two different explanations of what it is.
i've heard it's the literal use of persistence enough to the point where you literally change the neurological pathways in your brain to better suit a successful outcome, and i've heard it's just simple pushing past failure instead of settling.
i'm assuming these are both the right definition, but i cannot think of a single example that could apply to my life, a middle class college kid, that could showcase growth mindset in use and practice.
the rule is very simple - you just need to work hard and accept everything that life gives to you.
there is no way to fail.
more detailed in my article [
hello everyone, i’m curious on which books people have read that are based on how to become successful.
i want to spend more time reading and i currently want to read the most i can about being successful in life.
thanks!
i've been told that the road to success and therefore happiness is by doing what you love and following your passion.
i've been told that the way to discover your passion is by thinking back to what you wanted to do as a child.
but i never really had much of a "childhood dream."
i remember i did love science, and my mom always said i would be a scientist, so i said i'd be a scientist.
she also used to say i would be a doctor, and so i said i'd be a doctor.
but these were never really my dreams, they were what my parents wanted of me.
having grown up, i don't really find either of those fields to be very appealing.
i never really had a big dream for myself as a kid.
so where do i move from here?
how do i figure out what it is that will bring me joy, and what my passion is?
not like celebrities or athletes, or actors.
i'm talking people who actually benefit humanity scientifically, and mathematically, people like elon musk, famous people who've worked for or in partnership with nasa, famous names in the medical field.
anyone who may be a household name or i'd genuinely important in their respected field who didnt perform well in college or went to a small, no name university with high acceptance rates.
my question basically is: you see people like steve jobs, elon musk, warren buffett, and bill gates... it's rare to achieve their wealth and status, but that's not really what i want as far as the qualities they possess.
each of these men have one thing in common, they're they're own boss, they aren't thinkers, they're doers.
they have their own ideas and goals and are their own bosses.
my question is how do i get there?
i want to make a big impact.
my question is how do i get there and how do i do rather than think?
because the majority of people end up working like mindless drones for companies just to get income and say things like "i'll never get that promotion" or tell themselves their dreams or thoughts are too late or unattainable.
how do i avoid that and find some sense of greater freedom from life, break those constraints, and be better?
combining financial fulfillment, happiness, and overall usefulness for helping the world.
i'm in college and i don't want to pick an art based major and then struggle to pay the bills if it doesn't work out in my benefit, but i've always loved creating stories and animations, so i have a plan.
i'm going to school for a stem major and will intern/network in order to get a financially stable job, if i don't like where i am in 13 years(10 years after i graduate), then i'm going to drop everything and use the money i saved to go to school for the arts, particularly animation/ illustration/story boarding.
matthew mcconaughey define success.
i am unable to focus.
i don't know how to go about it.
i'm struggling.
what can i do?
need to get my life back together.
i don't have a car or license yet, just finished freshmen year college, a lot of my friends are working, so i don't have a lot of time to socialize, and i'm between jobs, so i have a lot of time alone on my hands.
what are some important skills i can learn while i'm bored that can benefit my future, or what are some things i can do without my license or car that can be considered "life changing" or experiences that i will remember.
i don't want to get into a habit of being ok with boredom, or do what a lot of people my age are doing and drink or smoke any time i'm bored and lose opportunities for growth and lessen my chances of future success and happiness.
well it’s easy they followed some of their hidden from society guidelines.
take a looknat this it’s filled with teachings from judaism on how to have a successful life.
[youtube video](
here are some of my favorite quotes on personal development.
habits, tendencies, actions, thoughts, things we all need to consider.
&amp;#x200b;
i have so much i want to do, i'm currently working a construction job this summer, going into my sophomore year of college, where i have to wake up at 4am each day and work 12 hour shifts.
i'm doing it so i can get a car as soon as possible, and i'm also working to get my license.
i'm planning on dropping everything once i get my car to travel somewhere on my own, to cross items off of my bucket list before it's too late, things like skydiving.
my goals are to get my license and to buy that car with my own money, travel a lot, walter mitty style, to volunteer with charities and etc., to figure out my major, to eventually get a reasonable job, and develop minimalism.
i want to start writing more, and get into physical shape, as well as control my emotions(anger specifically) better through techniques such as meditation or therapeutic methods.
i want to develop a stronger backbone and find the confidence to talk to girls more and actually convince myself to ask one out, and hopefully have a wife and kids by age 30. i hope to maybe get involved with one of my role models in the future, even if just by meeting and having a meaningful conversation with one of them.
there are a few other goals i have too, but i don't want to drag on too long.
i have two problems with this, one is that, despite all of these goals i have, i still feel i have no endgame in mind, i don't have one big goal set or anything that will close the empty hole in my life that i can think about, i don't know what i want to do with my life, but i have all of these ideas(above) that i want to accomplish along the line.
how do i develop a proper plan, and how do i find something to be passionate enough about to have that in mind?
and also, an alarming thought is that a piece of me wants this all so that in the future, if i ever meet a specific person in my past who wronged me, i can prove to them, and myself that i had lived a happier and fuller life than them, and i know that this is an unhealthy thought and will, even if i accomplish that fear, leave me feeling empty, and even rotten if i fail that goal.
how do i shake that thought from my head?
i want to be able to have a set goal in mind that keeps me completely 100% motivated and see the end goal specifically, as well as do it for myself rather than do it to show someone up because they made me feel bad.
i was once in awe of biographies i read and wondered how every great man had their defining moment except me.
not that i am calling myself great, but i thought to become great you need your defining moment.
i decided to find my defining moment.
however, the problem with the defining moment is that you cannot create them as they are an external activity which comes to you.
you cannot create it.
i wanted to know more about it so i went ahead and decided to find some real-life examples of “defining moments”.
i messaged some of the highbrows of the film and advertising industry and asked them if i could meet them and ask them about their life journey and defining moments.
to my surprise, everyone i approached agreed to meet me and talk to me about his or her defining moments.
i met more than 20 people from various fields, some were ceos, ad film directors, film directors and some were executives and some were art professionals.
they all told me about their journey in detail and how one thing happened after another but by the time interview ended i asked them what their defining moment was and they all looked at me.
they had never thought about it.
none of the successful people i met had their defining moments.
they all told me stories that they kept on doing what they thought was best at the moment and things kept on happening for them.
so there was no particular defining moment in anyone’s life, rather their life was a collection of so-called defining moments, which changed their entire life.
one ad filmmaker told me that he came to mumbai clueless, as he did not have a graduation degree, contacts and any money but he as to find some work somewhere.
his distant relative got him some work but it was an unpaid job of tv show editing where for the first six months he just had to sit behind to learn and watch professionals editing and there was no pay involved.
for lack of anything else to do, he started doing it.
later, he got his hands on editing and was being paid meagrely for editing.
years passed and he became an in house editor for the company.
he was well settled now and was earning more than he expected from himself.
once he was editing promos for mtv, which looked lavish and cool but were mostly low budget.
he would keep telling the production people, what shots were missing and how they can make it better.
after some time, since he had given so many nice insights to them about the shooting, they asked him whether he would shoot some promos for him.
he said yes.
for the next two years, he kept shooting promos as director.
he was known in the circuit as the director and editor of promos.
after watching his promo profiles, someone offered him ad film to direct and he that’s how he got his first ad film.
he later did more than 300 ad films and established his own company.
one thing led to another and later he started doing his own feature films.
he told me that he just kept doing what he thought was coming his way and he never said no to any work no matter what it was and never had any defining moments.
similar stories were of other people.
defining moments is a word that is used in books and documentaries to create a dramatic effect and it works like a charm.
defining moment, in my opinion, is similar to the phrase “overnight success” in context.
it talks about that one moment when everything changes for a man.
in reality, nothing like that ever happens.
life is a gradual step-by-step process of doing things and things happen over a long period of time.
a man who refuses to quit becomes successful and a man who quits lives a life of failure and oblivion.
stop getting involved in the mumbo jumbo of literary words that are used for creating a dramatic effect.
nothing will ever happen in a moment or overnight.
i wasted two years of my life researching about it only to know that it was a myth.
never wait for any defining moment.
the success of any person is the result of his persistence and his ability to get up every day and do whatever it takes to become successful.
how successful can an instagram account get?
the get rich project intends to find out!
follow grp and see every step of the way.
we will share every single source of income, followers gained, and sponsors made with you, in order to get rich, and help you follow a successful formula!
(link to page:
i've been in debt since i graduated high school.
i'm now almost 25 and for the first time in my life, besides my car payment and petty student loans (which i know still count, but not as intensely imo) i am only 750 dollars away from clearing out all my debt.
i have been kicking my own ass, and working my butt off, and absolutely miserable for the last two months.
after i got a new job and started making about 400 dollars a month more than previously, i've been putting over a thousand dollars a month on my credit card debt.
i've been paying down a total of 12k periodically since i was 19, and six years later i'm nearly done with every bill, every card, every medical statement.
i could nearly cry because of how excited i am to finally, for the first time in my life, feel like i'm free of this crap.
it makes me feel like i'm on the right path, and getting to where i always wanted to be when i was younger.
like maybe all those things i wanted to accomplish as a kid might be possible.
like maybe, just maybe, i don't have to stay in the rut of my parents and that i can make it out of the terrible cycle of dirt poor and mean that my father was in.
i feel like i'm on my way to being a kinder, happier person with all this burden finally gone.
much love and good luck to y'all on your journeys to success.
this is from napoleon hill, the man himself.
i've listened to this countless times so i wanted to dig a little deeper and share my thoughts.
i hope you enjoy.
much love!
&amp;#x200b;
when you hit rock-bottom, you have nowhere to go but up... or underground.
for those who make it out of the darkness, it seems that success becomes an obsession, a new addiction.
could this be why many ex-addicts become multimillionaires?
here is a [video]( that talks more about the topic of success and addiction.
curious to hear your thoughts on this.
i feel like i can expect a solid d in french
one third of heavenly angels sided with satan, to lust for power that’s matched with an evil mind, emotions, and will.
god allows them to exist, to test our beliefs in him as well as ourselves.
we are controlled by these entities, because they know how to give us instant satisfaction and we allow them to take over our consciousness/ subconscious.
save yourself and guard your hearts, allow god into your life and let him satisfy you with the magnitude of his love.
stay woke my friends!
he’s chasing you, all you have to do is believe.
be grateful for what you have and focus on that.
remember how bad you wanted it.
remember how much you believed in yourself, now put the same energy into the love of our lord and savior.
it’s not easy to follow his commends and we will always fall short, that’s why he gave us his only son to die for all the sins we’ve committed.
don’t stress, just love!
god bless you all!
might my lack of success be nothing more than possibly gods will for my life, and life consists of more than success?
i’ve tried so hard to be successful at a career but i could never fully acquire it.
now i’m ending life in my 50s and i think to myself, huh.....
why is it being prompt and every early, going the extra mile in life has only brought me eventual failure????
why the hell is that?
now i’m almost a senior citizen in a few years and here i am,  not loved and unsuccessful!!!!
so much for being responsible!!!!!
what was the reason you were held back and when did you realise the thing holding you back?
i realised the reason why i was held back was because of my wrong attitude.
i realised this when i entered into a seminar with other people in the same predicament, and took the time to observe them.
several of them had in some way wrong attitudes holding them back.
seeing this in them made me reflect on myself.
guy a was not ambitious because he harbored the philosophy of finding balance in life, that nothing good came out of desire, only misery, he was not ambitious and treated life too chill.
hence he wasn't motivated.
pretty straightforward.
guy b completed his masters in a good college overseas.
did not sell himself well and a combination of factors like bad job market led him to a job with long hours and strange shifts.
he seemed to have done everything right but was down on his luck?
girl c is pretty bright.
she was bright from young.
seems pretty successful.
her family too.
has good genes.
everything seemed in place.
the thing that held her back was an eating disorder perhaps caused and brought on by her career choice of entering showbiz, which her parents disapproved.
one wrong decision in life did her in, perhaps?
guy d has the right attitude.
pretty motivated.
covers all bases.
looks out for everything that he might have missed.
turned over every stone.
ocd.
burns midnight oil.
is hardworking.
has all the material qualities to be a straight-a student.
perhaps his issue is that he overworks and thinks too much?
he over-prepares?
what was the reason you were held back and when did you realise the thing holding you back?
every idea that memory thrusts into your consciousness carries with it the impulse to act upon it.
if you fail to do so, the matter may not occur to you, or when it does, it may be too late.
this is something i’ve seen people on the fence about.
i’m currently on the path to pursuing many of my educational, research, and personal goals whilst having a long-term relationship.
the problem is that my gf and i are in very different fields.
she does, however, respect my time and commitments.
really what it comes down to is the guilt of not being able to commit more time to her and the overbearing stress of occasional fights and disagreements.
is it worth the stress?
in your experience, is a relationship mutually exclusive to real career success?
maybe it's just the way i see things.
but i believe that every single step i take in life, every tiny minute step i take to try to better my life is sabotaged by set backs.
whatever i try to do i don't get done.... something always goes wrong.
i have been a self-help student, coach, and teacher for more that thirty years.
during that time i have read, attended, listened to, and applied almost everything i could get my hands on.
i have gone through periods of extreme success, and extreme frustration.
what i have learned along this journey is that there are many popular self-help teachings that on the surface seem to make sense and be helpful, but are actually disempowering and manipulative.
these teachings lead people to inaction, keep them dependent on their teachers, and prevent people from creating the life they desire.
here are my top nine self-help teachings that actually hold people back from creating the life they truly desire.
1. the universe is conspiring to your own goodmany of you will not like this, but it must be said.
this myth is the source of great frustration and suffering.
it is used to cover up ineffective teachings, and as an excuse for people relinquish their seat of power.
the universe is not conspiring for your own good.
the universe is not conspiring towards anything.
the universe is awareness.
it does not judge.
it is impartial.
it acts according to specific laws and principles.
if you doubt this then just look around our world.
too many people die poor, lonely, angry, sad, and frustrated for this myth to be true.
where was their greatest good?
when was the universe planning on providing it for them?
the universe will bring whatever you choose into your world.
the universe does not judge if this is good for you or bad for you.
it does not consider if you are deemed worthy or unworthy.
it simply provides you with that which you choose.
the universe reacts to you.
many people are lead to believe that the universe is going to make all of the selections, decisions, and choices for them.
people are under the misguided belief that the universe will someday deliver that which they need even if they themselves are not leveraging the universal laws correctly in order to create their desires in their lives.
unfortunately we are surrounded by many false and incomplete teachings.
because these teachings are incomplete they are either ineffective or have sporadic results.
the default excuse for this seems to be that the universe is conspiring for your greatest good.
we are told that if we just wait, then all good things will happen for us, even if we are not doing what we need to do in order to create them in our lives..if we want consistent and predictable results that we need to apply correct and complete understandings.
we must take deliberate control of our lives.
we must claim our seat of power, and remain at choice.
you can have, be, and do anything and everything that you want to.
waiting for the universe to provide it to you all on its own is not the way to accomplish this though.
the universe is not conspiring for your own good.
it will bring you pain just as easily as it will bring you pleasure.
we need to take accountability for our worlds.
we have chosen everything in them.
we have chosen the good, the bad, and the ugly.
our goal is to do it deliberately.
it is time to properly choose your life!
you are powerful.
you are unique.
you have purpose.
take accountability for your world.
have, be, and do anything and everything that you desire!
2. you just have to feel goodlike all of the other teachings in this post “just feeling good” is, on the surface, a good practice.
feeling good will often lead to a better life than feeling negative will.
this is obvious to anyone; however, this teaching is often used by the self-help industry to induce complacency and inaction.
there are currently millions of people who have adopted this teaching as it is popularly taught.
previously they were going nowhere in their lives.
now the only thing that has changed in their lives is that they are feeling good about going nowhere.
i think this is a problem.
i want results.
the main problem with the popular teachings of ‘feeling good’ is that they do not go into nearly enough instructional detail.
telling someone to ‘feel good’ in order to get what they want in life is comparable to telling someone to ‘swing a club’ to improve their golf game.
it sounds great, but it’s not overly helpful.
people go around ‘feeling good’ but don’t really make any substantial improvements in their lives.
far too many people are taught that all they need to do is feel good and then everything they want will come into their lives.
although it is true that you do need to feel good in order to have, be, and do what you want, simply feeling good will not deliver them to you all on its own.
in their efforts to feel good most people merely push down negative thoughts and feelings and wrap them up in a thin veil of positivity.
this leads to frustration, anger, and ultimately bringing the things they do not want into their lives.
there is a vast difference between actually feeling joyous and pretending to feel good.
a pile of dung in fancy wrapping is still a pile of dung.
feeling good is not a technique or methodology onto itself, and it is very far from an overarching system of personal achievement.
feeling good is merely a compass.
it tells you if all of your other techniques are on target or not.
it is important for us to accurately discern this so that we can ensure that what we are doing will have a true impact and effect on our lives.
3. if you’re not getting results then waitthis teaching takes many forms, but the underlying message is always the same.
there are many incomplete, inaccurate, and ineffective teachings that are popularized today.
when they fail to produce results then people are told that they just need to keep applying the same techniques over and over again, and wait for different results to come.
we all know einstein’s quote about insanity:“insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.”and virtually all self-help teachers will use this quote to try to get you to change what you are doing and improve your lives.
yet when it comes to applying their theories and systems people will be told many of the following:\-it takes time to change\-you have to overcome your inner blocks first\-there are outer forces or powers at work (which are usually said to be working towards your benefit)\-you will get things at some perfect and unknown time\-just focus on being happy\-you’ll get what some outer power knows is good for you, when it thinks it’s good for you\-just keep trying\-everything will work out in the endwhat all of these statements really mean is wait.
they really mean keep doing the same things over and over again and expect different results.
if what you are doing isn’t working, then it may be time to consider trying something else.
the fault is not with you.
the fault is probably with the teachings you have been taught.
i believe the test of a philosophy or technique is in its applicability to real life.
in other words, does it create change in your life, or doesn’t it?
4. things will happen at the ideal timemany people do not realize how disempowering this teaching is.
it implies that things are out of our control.
it states that there is some power outside yourself that may allow you to have things when it deems it to be the right time.
it implies that you are powerless to alter the timeline of things in your life at that you are at the mercy of something else.
it is amazing how many teachings will tell you that you can be, do, and have everything that you want, but only when some other power says you can have it.
these are two very contradictory teachings.
either you are powerful and in control of your own life, or you aren’t.
this teaching is used as a panacea for teachings that are not effective.
people will be told that the techniques and principles that they are taught work, so keep applying them, just don’t expect any results.
this is ludicrous.
this teaching leads to helplessness and inaction.
people will continue doing the same thing over and over again and expect different results.
either a teaching works or it doesn’t.
if you have been applying a teaching for a long time and you do not have substantial changes in your life then you should probably something else – something that works.
5. things are meant to bethere are not many statements that are more disempowering than ‘things are meant to be’.
we see it again and again in popular media.
it is crippling.
it hands people’s power of choice over to something outside of themselves, and resigns them to a fate that they feel is predetermined.
you are powerful.
there is nothing in your life that is predetermined.
everything is up to you.
you can be, do, and have everything and anything that you want.
your hand is on the rudder.
the only question is – will you steer your ship, or just let it drift upon the waves?
although a few rare people who are convinced they have a glorious predetermined destiny will be motivated by the phrase ‘things are meant to be’, the majority of the population is condemned to inaction by this statement.
it is completely disempowering.
there are two sides to this coin – two perspectives from which this cursed statement breeds inaction.
the first perspective is that of a group of people who are forever drifting along without steering their boat.
they are waiting for the breeze and the current to bring them safely to some unknown but wonderful destination.
they believe that all they need to do is float along, and they are assured, and reassured, that something else will take care of everything for them.
there is no need for them to act, or steer the ship.
all they have to do is wait with a smile on their face.
these are the optimists that are under the fatalistic spell of ‘things are meant to be’.
the second group of people who are suppressed by this phrase are the pessimists who are also under its guidance.
these people see the fatalistic nature of the statement to be, well, fatal.
they surrender to the fact that misery and lack are their lot in life.
their misery is predetermined and meant to be.
they believe there is nothing that they can do about their situation, so it is therefore useless for them to try changing anything.
nothing is ‘meant’ to be.
there is no power outside yourself that has already determined what your future will be.
there is no power ensuring that everything will turn our all right for you, and there is no power restricting what you can achieve.
everything is up to you!
you need to take 100% accountability and responsibility for where you are in life, and for where you will go.
all of it is under your influence and direction.
you can be, do, and have everything or anything that you want.
you can also be, do, and have mediocrity.
you can also be, do and have nothing.
the choice is entirely yours.
it is time to choose your life!
6. something has a plan for youthis is similar to #5, with the added burden of trying to please or manipulate the outer power that has a plan for you.
this teaching always involves an outer being or entity that has power over your life, and has a purpose or plan for you.
the two problems that occur here are:1) we normally have to please this entity by behaving in particular ways in order to earn, or be deserving of, the great purpose and future it has planned for us.
2) we have not way of directly communicating with this entity, so we either need to resort to either interpreting signs to determine if we are behaving correctly, or rely on other people who claim to know and understand what it is this entity wants from us.
the limitations here are rather obvious.
we either become dependent on, and obedient to, those people who claim to know how the entity wants us to behave, or we get mired is superstition.
all of these options take away our power to determine our own fate and create our own lives.
you are self-sovereign.
there is no power that has control over your future accept for you.
7. your subconscious is blocking youpeople are often taught that the things they are being taught and trying to apply are effective, but their subconscious is preventing them from happening.
this teaching leads to a lot of dependency on the teacher.
the practice of unblocking your subconscious is a bottomless pit of therapy, and it puts all of the blame for any lack of results on you.
the subconscious, by definition, cannot be consciously known.
you can therefore be exploring it and ‘unblocking’ it forever.
just as a magician can continuously produce objects out of thin air, another subconscious block can always be made to seem to appear to replace the one you just removed.
a person can spend their entire life removing these blocks if they are under the guidance of a crafty teacher.
the entire time that the student is working on this they will be told that the techniques and philosophies they have been taught to improve their world are accurate and effective.
they will be told either directly or indirectly, that any lack of results is their fault, not the fault of the teachings.
the truth is that the universe is a very mechanical place.
you are already an expert creator of your world, and your mechanisms for doing so are working with extreme precision.
you merely need to learn how to focus them and control them.
your subconscious can no more prevent these mechanisms from working than it can prevent you from being affected by gravity, or getting wet when you are out in the rain.
8. you just need to be fixedthe greatest trick in the self-help world is that it is always implied that if the teachings do not work for you, then you need to be fixed.
this is false.
you do not need to be fixed.
you are a dynamic creative force.
you are creating your world right now, as we speak.
your ability to create is perfect.
it is flawless.
it is natural.
you are doing it right now without even giving it any conscious thought.
you have been doing it 24 hours a day since you were born, and you will be doing it until you pass from this life.
it is as natural for you as the rhythm of your heart.
if a teaching is not working for you then there is not something wrong with you, there is something wrong with the teaching.
if something is a cosmic, or universal law, then it should work for everyone - all the time.
gravity does not have different effects on different people.
neither do the laws of lift, acceleration, or thermodynamics.
if you are practicing a teaching that works for some people and not others then the teaching is either wrong or incomplete.
let’s look at the law of attraction as an example.
it is very popular.
it makes sense.
it works for some people under some circumstances.
it does not work for everyone under every circumstance.
why?
it is because often the teachings, although well intentioned, are incomplete.
most people apply the teachings as they are commonly described and fail.
a few people apply the teachings and accidentally apply them differently and get results.
it is like an untrained pool player or golfer.
most of their shots may be bad, but occasionally, by accident, they will shoot a terrific shot.
they will not know what makes one shot bad, or what makes the other good.
they will not understand the real reason why the perfect shot was executed so well.
they will try to repeat the good shot, but lacking the true understanding behind why it worked, they will not be able to repeat it.
some of these people may make up reasons why the perfect shot went so well, but applying these theories will not give them any consistency.
many of these people will even hold their great shots out as examples and then teach others their incorrect theories of why those shots were so good.
other people will apply these teachings and will for the most part not improve their games at all.
given a large enough number of students however, some of them will eventually have accidental good shots too.
it is the same with the currently popular teachings of the law of attraction.
if they are not working for you then the fault is not with you.
the fault lies with the teaching.
proper teaching brings proper results.
what you have been taught is incomplete.
here are a few truths you should know:\-you are not broken.
you do not need fixed\-you are unique\-you are more powerful than you realize\-you always have, are currently, and always will determine what’s in your life\-you have a role and a purpose in the universe.
\-you don’t attract.
you choose.
it is time to choose your life!
9. just appreciate what you haveappreciation is a very powerful thing.
appreciating what you have is vital in order for you to move forward and attain what you want to attain.
the way that appreciation is normally taught to people is good, but it will hold you back from attaining your full potential.
when we are normally taught appreciation we are taught to appreciate what we have, and what people do.
we are taught that we should always look to the positive side of situations, and feel good about what we do have instead of feeling bad about what we don’t have.
i agree that it is far better to focus on having than it is to focus on lack.
a person who is grateful for what they have and appreciates having it will always have vastly more than the person who is resentful for what they do not have, and focuses on what they lack.
the person who focuses properly on what they have will create more of the same in their life.
alternately, the person who focuses properly on their lack of things will create more lack in their lives.
the standard teaching of appreciation therefore is a very good base for people to start from.
being grateful for what you have and appreciating it will serve you well.
it is limited however.
by properly appreciating what you have you will be constantly recreating having it in your world.
you will not move backwards, however, it will also not bring you forwards.
this is how many people attain a certain level of success and then plateau.
they stagnate at a certain level and do not grow, or evolve, any further.
these people attain a certain level of success, and they continually appreciate it.
this continual and proper appreciation continuously helps to create the same state within their world.
appreciating a penny will bring you a penny.
so how does one continue to evolve and move forward?
in order to evolve and move forward a person must create more in their lives.
their desires must continue the evolutionary cycle of being fulfilled and expanding.
i hope this has been helpful.
remain at choice,tom
in ray dalio’s principles: life and work, he discusses how the principles he has adopted and refined has helped him make decisions.
he also discusses that these principles are personal - individuals can make their principles whatever they want.
(i’m paraphrasing hardcore...)i have a bit of a problem applying this philosophy for one reason: principles are fundamental truths, not necessarily personal truths.
if they are fundamental truths, how can people derive them and apply them to their lives?
wouldn’t everyones’ principles just be the same?
sort of like how gravity is the same regardless of how an individual perceives it?
i’m totally open to the possibility that i am totally misunderstanding this book and its concepts.
any guidance is seriously appreciated!